Creature	Name	Item retained	Remove style
bgbasill	Lesser Basilisk	rndtre08	Slots
bgbasill	Lesser Basilisk	rndtre08	Items
bggorf	Gorf	rndtre08	Slots
bggorf	Gorf	rndtre08	Items
basilmut	Greater Basilisk	rndtre08	Slots
basilmut	Greater Basilisk	rndtre08	Items
basilnad	Greater Basilisk	rndtre08	Slots
basilnad	Greater Basilisk	rndtre08	Items
bullrush	Bullrush	none	Slots
duplica2	Mirror Fiend	rndtre07	Slots
duplica2	Mirror Fiend	rndtre07	Items
duplica3	Mirror Fiend	rndtre08	Items
duplica4	Mirror Fiend	rndtre07	Slots
duplica4	Mirror Fiend	rndtre07	Items
duplica5	Mirror Fiend	none	Slots
duplica6	Mirror Fiend	none	Items
gnollper	Gnoll	rndtre08	Slots
gnollper	Gnoll	rndtre08	Items
hobelite	Hobgoblin Elite	none	Slots
hobgoa_a	Hobgoblin	none	Slots
hobgoa_b	Hobgoblin	rndtre07	Slots
hobgoa_b	Hobgoblin	rndtre07	Items
hobgoa_c	Hobgoblin	rndtre07	Slots
hobgoa_c	Hobgoblin	rndtre07	Items
hobgoa_d	Hobgoblin	none	Slots
hobgoa_e	Hobgoblin	none	Slots
hobgob_a	Hobgoblin	none	Slots
hobgob_b	Hobgoblin	rndtre07	Slots
hobgob_b	Hobgoblin	rndtre07	Items
hobgob_c	Hobgoblin	rndtre07	Slots
hobgob_c	Hobgoblin	rndtre07	Items
hobgob_d	Hobgoblin	none	Slots
hobgob_e	Hobgoblin	rndtre07	Slots
hobgob_e	Hobgoblin	rndtre07	Items
ogreberz	Ogre Berserker	none	Slots
ogrebjor	Half Ogre	none	Slots
ogregr_b	Ogrillon	none	Slots
ogregr_c	Ogrillon	rndtre07	Slots
ogregr_c	Ogrillon	rndtre07	Items
ogregr_d	Ogrillon	rndtre07	Slots
ogregr_d	Ogrillon	rndtre07	Items
ogreha_b	Half Ogre	rndtre07	Slots
ogreha_b	Half Ogre	rndtre07	Items
ogrema_a	Ogre Mage	rndtre08	Slots
ogrema_a	Ogre Mage	rndtre08	Items
ogrema_b	Ogre Mage	none	Slots
ogrema_b	Ogre Mage	none	Items
ogrema_c	Ogre Mage	rndtre08	Slots
ogrema_c	Ogre Mage	rndtre08	Items
ogrema_d	Ogre Mage	rndtre08	Slots
ogrema_d	Ogre Mage	rndtre08	Items
ogrema02	Ogre Mage	rndtre08	Slots
ogrema02	Ogre Mage	rndtre08	Items
ogrema03	Ogre Mage	rndtre08	Slots
ogrema03	Ogre Mage	rndtre08	Items
ogremiri	Ogrillon	rndtre07	Items
ogreunsh	Ogre	none	Slots
ankheg	Ankheg	rndtre08	Slots
ankheg	Ankheg	rndtre08	Items
ankhegg	Ankheg	rndtre08	Slots
ankhegg	Ankheg	rndtre08	Items
ankhegq	Ankheg	rndtre08	Slots
ankhegq	Ankheg	rndtre08	Items
arghai	Arghain	none	Slots
baruk	Ba'ruk	rndtre07	Slots
baruk	Ba'ruk	rndtre07	Items
basilg	Greater Basilisk	rndtre08	Slots
basilg	Greater Basilisk	rndtre08	Items
bhobgob	Hobgoblin	rndtre06	Slots
bhobgob	Hobgoblin	rndtre06	Items
britik	Britik	rndtre08	Slots
britik	Britik	rndtre08	Items
carsto	Carston	none	Slots
darryl	Darryl	none	Slots
darryl2	Darryl	none	Slots
dopdop	Greater Doppelganger	none	Slots
dopkie	Kiel the Legion Killer	rndtre08	Slots
dopkie	Kiel the Legion Killer	rndtre08	Items
dopmer	Merchant	rndtre08	Slots
dopmer	Merchant	rndtre08	Items
doppgr	Greater Doppelganger	rndtre08	Slots
doppgr	Greater Doppelganger	rndtre08	Items
dopple	Doppelganger	rndtre08	Slots
dopple	Doppelganger	rndtre08	Items
doppsm	Merchant	none	Slots
etterc	Ettercap	none	Slots
etterc1	Ettercap	none	Slots
flind	Flind	rndtre08	Slots
flind	Flind	rndtre08	Items
garkla	Garclax	rndtre08	Slots
garkla	Garclax	rndtre08	Items
gdopp7	Greater Doppelganger	rndtre08	Slots
gdopp7	Greater Doppelganger	rndtre08	Items
gdopp71	Greater Doppelganger	rndtre08	Slots
gdopp71	Greater Doppelganger	rndtre08	Items
gdopp72	Greater Doppelganger	none	Slots
gdopp73	Greater Doppelganger	rndtre08	Slots
gdopp73	Greater Doppelganger	rndtre08	Items
gdopp74	Greater Doppelganger	rndtre08	Slots
gdopp74	Greater Doppelganger	rndtre08	Items
gdopp75	Greater Doppelganger	rndtre08	Slots
gdopp75	Greater Doppelganger	rndtre08	Items
geltik	Geltik	rndtre07	Slots
geltik	Geltik	rndtre07	Items
glart	Hobgoblin	rndtre07	Slots
glart	Hobgoblin	rndtre07	Items
gnoll	Gnoll	rndtre06	Slots
gnoll	Gnoll	rndtre06	Items
gnoll_a	Gnoll Elite	rndtre06	Slots
gnoll_a	Gnoll Elite	rndtre06	Items
gnoll_b	Gnoll	none	Slots
gnoll_b	Gnoll	none	Items
gnoll_c	Gnoll Chieftain	rndtre08	Slots
gnoll_c	Gnoll Chieftain	rndtre08	Items
gnoll_d	Gnoll Slasher	rndtre06	Slots
gnoll_d	Gnoll Slasher	rndtre06	Items
gnoll_e	Gnoll Veteran	rndtre06	Slots
gnoll_e	Gnoll Veteran	rndtre06	Items
gnoll5	Ludrug	rndtre08	Slots
gnoll5	Ludrug	rndtre08	Items
gnoll5a	Gnoll	rndtre08	Slots
gnoll5a	Gnoll	rndtre08	Items
gnolld	Gnoll	rndtre08	Slots
gnolld	Gnoll	rndtre08	Items
grael	Grael	rndtre08	Slots
grael	Grael	rndtre08	Items
hakt	Hakt	none	Slots
hobgo5	Hobgoblin	rndtre07	Slots
hobgo5	Hobgoblin	rndtre07	Items
hobgob	Hobgoblin	rndtre07	Slots
hobgob	Hobgoblin	rndtre07	Items
hobgoba	Hobgoblin	none	Slots
hobgobc	Chill Hobgoblin	rndtre07	Slots
hobgobc	Chill Hobgoblin	rndtre07	Items
hobjoia	Hobgoblin	rndtre07	Slots
hobjoia	Hobgoblin	rndtre07	Items
ichary	Icharyd	rndtre08	Slots
ichary	Icharyd	rndtre08	Items
ihobgob	Hobgoblin	rndtre07	Items
ingot	Ingot	rndtre08	Slots
ingot	Ingot	rndtre08	Items
itasloi	Tasloi	rndtre06	Items
ixvart	Xvart	rndtre06	Items
kahrk	Kahrk	rndtre08	Slots
kahrk	Kahrk	rndtre08	Items
karan3	Karan	rndtre07	Slots
karan3	Karan	rndtre07	Items
larry	Larry	rndtre06	Slots
larry	Larry	rndtre06	Items
larze	Larze	rndtre08	Slots
larze	Larze	rndtre08	Items
malkax	Malkax	rndtre07	Slots
malkax	Malkax	rndtre07	Items
nexlit	Nexlit the Xvart	rndtre06	Slots
nexlit	Nexlit the Xvart	rndtre06	Items
ogre	Ogre	rndtre08	Slots
ogre	Ogre	rndtre08	Items
ogre02	Ogre	rndtre08	Slots
ogre02	Ogre	rndtre08	Items
ogreco	Ogre	none	Slots
ogregr	Ogrillon	rndtre07	Slots
ogregr	Ogrillon	rndtre07	Items
ogreha	Half Ogre	none	Slots
ogrema	Ogre Mage	rndtre08	Slots
ogrema	Ogre Mage	rndtre08	Items
ogres	Ogre	none	Slots
oopah2	The Amazing Oopah	none	Slots
parda3	Parda	rndtre07	Slots
parda3	Parda	rndtre07	Items
rahvin	Rahvin	rndtre08	Slots
rahvin	Rahvin	rndtre08	Items
sakul	Sakul	rndtre08	Slots
sakul	Sakul	rndtre08	Items
sewerf1	Sewerfolk	rndtre07	Slots
sewerf1	Sewerfolk	rndtre07	Items
sewerf4	Sewerfolk	rndtre08	Slots
sewerf4	Sewerfolk	rndtre08	Items
tam	Tam	none	Slots
tersus	Tersus	rndtre07	Slots
tersus	Tersus	rndtre07	Items
winthr3	Winthrop	none	Slots
zargal	Zargal	rndtre07	Slots
zargal	Zargal	rndtre07	Items
zekar	Zekar	none	Slots
3310com	Commoner	rndtre06	Slots
3310com	Commoner	rndtre06	Items
3316nob1	Wealthy Commoner	rndtre08	Slots
3316nob1	Wealthy Commoner	rndtre08	Items
3316nob2	Snobby Noble Woman	rndtre08	Slots
3316nob2	Snobby Noble Woman	rndtre08	Items
3324nob1	Wealthy Commoner	rndtre08	Slots
3324nob1	Wealthy Commoner	rndtre08	Items
3324nob2	Snobby Noble Woman	none	Slots
3324nob3	Snobby Noble Woman	rndtre08	Slots
3324nob3	Snobby Noble Woman	rndtre08	Items
adadop1b	Doppelganger	none	Slots
aeextort	Hanj	rndtre06	Slots
aeextort	Hanj	rndtre06	Items
aegnoll	Gnoll	none	Slots
aemerhob	Hobgoblin Archer	none	Slots
aesold	Soldier	rndtre06	Slots
aesold	Soldier	rndtre06	Items
agband03	Bandit	rndtre08	Slots
agband03	Bandit	rndtre08	Items
agband04	Bandit	rndtre08	Slots
agband04	Bandit	rndtre08	Items
agband05	Bandit	rndtre08	Slots
agband05	Bandit	rndtre08	Items
agbandle	Bandit Leader	rndtre08	Slots
agbandle	Bandit Leader	rndtre08	Items
agdeano	Deano	rndtre06	Slots
agdeano	Deano	rndtre06	Items
agdeimos	Deimos	rndtre06	Slots
agdeimos	Deimos	rndtre06	Items
aggob03	Goblin Bodyguard	none	Slots
aggob04	Goblin Elite Archer	none	Slots
aggob05	Goblin Chief	rndtre07	Slots
aggob05	Goblin Chief	rndtre07	Items
aggob06	Goblin Shaman	rndtre08	Slots
aggob06	Goblin Shaman	rndtre08	Items
aggob07	Goblin Shaman	rndtre08	Slots
aggob07	Goblin Shaman	rndtre08	Items
aggriev	Griever	none	Slots
agoakbos	Oak Fist Captain	rndtre08	Slots
agoakbos	Oak Fist Captain	rndtre08	Items
agoakdw	Oak Fist Captain	none	Slots
agoakdw2	Oak Fist	none	Slots
agoakdw4	Oak Fist Slinger	rndtre08	Slots
agoakdw4	Oak Fist Slinger	rndtre08	Items
ahighma3	Regean	rndtre08	Slots
ahighma3	Regean	rndtre08	Items
alexm	Alex Macintosh	none	Slots
althur	Al'thur	rndtre07	Slots
althur	Al'thur	rndtre07	Items
amcapt01	Mercenary Captain	rndtre07	Slots
amcapt01	Mercenary Captain	rndtre07	Items
amcust02	Nobleman	rndtre06	Slots
amcust02	Nobleman	rndtre06	Items
amduel01	Mercenary	rndtre06	Slots
amduel01	Mercenary	rndtre06	Items
amduel02	Mercenary	none	Slots
amfem02	Commoner	rndtre06	Slots
amfem02	Commoner	rndtre06	Items
amfem03	Commoner	rndtre06	Slots
amfem03	Commoner	rndtre06	Items
amfem04	Commoner	rndtre07	Slots
amfem04	Commoner	rndtre07	Items
amman02	Commoner	rndtre06	Slots
amman02	Commoner	rndtre06	Items
amman03	Commoner	none	Slots
ammerc07	Mercenary	none	Slots
ammerc08	Mercenary	none	Slots
ammerc09	Mercenary	none	Slots
amsi	Am-Si	rndtre06	Slots
amsi	Am-Si	rndtre06	Items
amsmith	Kerrick the Smith	rndtre08	Slots
amsmith	Kerrick the Smith	rndtre08	Items
ankheg01	Ankheg	rndtre08	Slots
ankheg01	Ankheg	rndtre08	Items
ankhgsum	Ankheg	rndtre08	Slots
ankhgsum	Ankheg	rndtre08	Items
ann11	Ann	rndtre06	Slots
ann11	Ann	rndtre06	Items
anothug	Guard	rndtre06	Slots
anothug	Guard	rndtre06	Items
antenos	Antenos	none	Slots
ar18arch	Archer	rndtre06	Slots
ar18arch	Archer	rndtre06	Items
ar18fig	Mercenary	rndtre06	Slots
ar18fig	Mercenary	rndtre06	Items
aramir	Aramir Estel	rndtre01	Slots
aramir	Aramir Estel	rndtre01	Items
arenaa6	Audience	none	Slots
arenaa7	Audience	none	Slots
arenago1	Goblin	rndtre06	Slots
arenago1	Goblin	rndtre06	Items
arenago2	Goblin	rndtre06	Slots
arenago2	Goblin	rndtre06	Items
arenago3	Goblin	rndtre06	Slots
arenago3	Goblin	rndtre06	Items
arenago4	Goblin	rndtre06	Slots
arenago4	Goblin	rndtre06	Items
arenago7	Goblin	none	Slots
arenago8	Goblin	rndtre06	Slots
arenago8	Goblin	rndtre06	Items
arenago9	Goblin	rndtre06	Slots
arenago9	Goblin	rndtre06	Items
arenaho1	Hobgoblin Warrior	none	Slots
arenaho2	Hobgoblin Warrior	rndtre07	Slots
arenaho2	Hobgoblin Warrior	rndtre07	Items
arenaho3	Hobgoblin Warrior	rndtre07	Slots
arenaho3	Hobgoblin Warrior	rndtre07	Items
arenaho4	Hobgoblin Warrior	rndtre07	Slots
arenaho4	Hobgoblin Warrior	rndtre07	Items
arenam1	Merchant	rndtre07	Slots
arenam1	Merchant	rndtre07	Items
arenam2	Merchant	rndtre07	Slots
arenam2	Merchant	rndtre07	Items
arenam3	Merchant	rndtre07	Slots
arenam3	Merchant	rndtre07	Items
arenam4	Merchant	rndtre07	Slots
arenam4	Merchant	rndtre07	Items
arenam5	Merchant	rndtre07	Slots
arenam5	Merchant	rndtre07	Items
arenaor1	Orc	rndtre07	Slots
arenaor1	Orc	rndtre07	Items
arenaor2	Orc	rndtre07	Slots
arenaor2	Orc	rndtre07	Items
arenaor3	Orc	rndtre07	Slots
arenaor3	Orc	rndtre07	Items
arenaor4	Orc	rndtre07	Slots
arenaor4	Orc	rndtre07	Items
arenar1	Ruffian	none	Slots
arenar2	Ruffian	rndtre06	Slots
arenar2	Ruffian	rndtre06	Items
arengo10	Goblin	rndtre06	Slots
arengo10	Goblin	rndtre06	Items
arengo11	Goblin	rndtre06	Slots
arengo11	Goblin	rndtre06	Items
arengo12	Goblin	rndtre06	Slots
arengo12	Goblin	rndtre06	Items
argrim	Lord Ketlaar Argrim	rndtre01	Slots
argrim	Lord Ketlaar Argrim	rndtre01	Items
arlaxm1	Merchant	none	Slots
arlaxm2	Merchant	rndtre07	Slots
arlaxm2	Merchant	rndtre07	Items
arlaxm3	Merchant	rndtre07	Slots
arlaxm3	Merchant	rndtre07	Items
arlaxm4	Merchant	none	Slots
arlaxm5	Merchant	rndtre07	Slots
arlaxm5	Merchant	rndtre07	Items
arlaxm6	Merchant	rndtre07	Slots
arlaxm6	Merchant	rndtre07	Items
arlaxn1	Isac	none	Slots
arlaxn2	Mera	rndtre07	Slots
arlaxn2	Mera	rndtre07	Items
arlaxn3	Noble	none	Slots
arlaxn4	Noble	none	Slots
arlaxn5	Noble Woman	none	Slots
arlaxn6	Noble Woman	rndtre07	Slots
arlaxn6	Noble Woman	rndtre07	Items
arlaxt2	Thief	none	Slots
arlaxt5	Thief	none	Slots
arlaxt6	Thief	none	Slots
army01	Orc	none	Slots
arnfgt01	Shadow Thief	rndtre06	Slots
arnfgt01	Shadow Thief	rndtre06	Items
arnwar07	Dedral	rndtre08	Slots
arnwar07	Dedral	rndtre08	Items
arnwar09	Shadow Thief	rndtre08	Slots
arnwar09	Shadow Thief	rndtre08	Items
b#tamoko	Tamoko	rndtre07	Slots
b#tamoko	Tamoko	rndtre07	Items
b#tazok	Tazok	rndtre07	Slots
b#tazok	Tazok	rndtre07	Items
baronp	Baron Ployer	rndtre07	Slots
baronp	Baron Ployer	rndtre07	Items
barsail1	Sailor	rndtre06	Slots
barsail1	Sailor	rndtre06	Items
barsail2	Sailor	rndtre06	Slots
barsail2	Sailor	rndtre06	Items
basgrt01	Greater Basilisk	rndtre08	Slots
basgrt01	Greater Basilisk	rndtre08	Items
basill	Basilisk	rndtre08	Slots
basill	Basilisk	rndtre08	Items
basles01	Lesser Basilisk	rndtre08	Slots
basles01	Lesser Basilisk	rndtre08	Items
bdact05	Zaren	rndtre06	Slots
bdact05	Zaren	rndtre06	Items
bdact07	Balmitance	rndtre06	Slots
bdact07	Balmitance	rndtre06	Items
bdact08	Karenina	rndtre06	Slots
bdact08	Karenina	rndtre06	Items
bdact09	Karenina	rndtre06	Slots
bdact09	Karenina	rndtre06	Items
bdbart01	Samuel Thunderburp	rndtre06	Slots
bdbart01	Samuel Thunderburp	rndtre06	Items
bdcoun02	Courtier	rndtre06	Slots
bdcoun02	Courtier	rndtre06	Items
bdcoun03	Bodyguard	rndtre06	Slots
bdcoun03	Bodyguard	rndtre06	Items
bdhigg01	Higgold	rndtre06	Slots
bdhigg01	Higgold	rndtre06	Items
bdturm01	Turmish Leader	none	Slots
bdturm02	Turmish Thief	rndtre06	Slots
bdturm02	Turmish Thief	rndtre06	Items
bdturm04	Turmish Thug	rndtre06	Slots
bdturm04	Turmish Thug	rndtre06	Items
beast	Beastmaster	rndtre08	Slots
beast	Beastmaster	rndtre08	Items
beatrice	Duchess Duvaine	none	Slots
behdir01	Director	none	Slots
beheld01	Elder Orb	rndtre08	Slots
beheld01	Elder Orb	rndtre08	Items
behgas01	Gas Spore	rndtre08	Slots
behgas01	Gas Spore	rndtre08	Items
behgau01	Gauth	none	Slots
behhiv01	Hive Mother	rndtre08	Slots
behhiv01	Hive Mother	rndtre08	Items
behobs01	Beholder	none	Slots
behold01	Beholder	rndtre08	Slots
behold01	Beholder	rndtre08	Items
behspe01	Beholder	rndtre08	Slots
behspe01	Beholder	rndtre08	Items
behund01	Death Tyrant	rndtre08	Slots
behund01	Death Tyrant	rndtre08	Items
bernard	Bernard	rndtre07	Slots
bernard	Bernard	rndtre07	Items
bertrand	Bertrand the 'Companion'	rndtre07	Slots
bertrand	Bertrand the 'Companion'	rndtre07	Items
bggreet	Rivaldo	rndtre06	Slots
bggreet	Rivaldo	rndtre06	Items
bgigibb	Gibberling	rndtre06	Items
bginfo1	Nobleman	rndtre06	Slots
bginfo1	Nobleman	rndtre06	Items
bginfo2	Noblewoman	rndtre06	Slots
bginfo2	Noblewoman	rndtre06	Items
bgsell1	Black Market Thief	rndtre08	Slots
bgsell1	Black Market Thief	rndtre08	Items
bgsell2	Black Market Thief	rndtre08	Slots
bgsell2	Black Market Thief	rndtre08	Items
bgtav1a	Doorman	rndtre08	Slots
bgtav1a	Doorman	rndtre08	Items
bgtav1b	Reception Lady	rndtre08	Slots
bgtav1b	Reception Lady	rndtre08	Items
bgtavst1	Noble Guest	none	Slots
bgtavst2	Lady Guest	rndtre08	Slots
bgtavst2	Lady Guest	rndtre08	Items
bgtavst3	Noble Guest	rndtre08	Slots
bgtavst3	Noble Guest	rndtre08	Items
bgtavst4	Lady Guest	rndtre08	Slots
bgtavst4	Lady Guest	rndtre08	Items
bhcapt01	Elite Guard Captain	rndtre07	Slots
bhcapt01	Elite Guard Captain	rndtre07	Items
bheye	Unseeing Eye	rndtre08	Slots
bheye	Unseeing Eye	rndtre08	Items
bhgaal01	Elite Guard	rndtre07	Slots
bhgaal01	Elite Guard	rndtre07	Items
bhghoul1	Ghoul	rndtre08	Slots
bhghoul1	Ghoul	rndtre08	Items
bhguard	Elite Guard	rndtre06	Slots
bhguard	Elite Guard	rndtre06	Items
bhguard2	Elite Guard	rndtre07	Slots
bhguard2	Elite Guard	rndtre07	Items
bhlizgrd	Lizardman	rndtre07	Slots
bhlizgrd	Lizardman	rndtre07	Items
bhlizkng	Lizardman King	none	Slots
bhlizsha	Lizardman Shaman	rndtre07	Slots
bhlizsha	Lizardman Shaman	rndtre07	Items
bhogre	Ogre	rndtre08	Slots
bhogre	Ogre	rndtre08	Items
bhoguard	Orc Guard	none	Slots
bhorc01	Orc	none	Slots
bhorc01d	Orc	none	Slots
bhsharg2	Mercenary	rndtre08	Slots
bhsharg2	Mercenary	rndtre08	Items
bhtwen01	Tavern Wench	rndtre06	Slots
bhtwen01	Tavern Wench	rndtre06	Items
biff	Biff The Understudy	rndtre06	Slots
biff	Biff The Understudy	rndtre06	Items
binnkeep	Calbor	rndtre07	Slots
binnkeep	Calbor	rndtre07	Items
bmerch1	Qadeel	rndtre06	Slots
bmerch1	Qadeel	rndtre06	Items
bnoble1	Lord Feveran	rndtre08	Slots
bnoble1	Lord Feveran	rndtre08	Items
bnoble2	Lady Diana	none	Slots
bogre1	Ogre	rndtre06	Slots
bogre1	Ogre	rndtre06	Items
bpdrpr18	Drow Priestess	none	Slots
bpkuoarc	Kuo-Toan Archer	rndtre06	Slots
bpkuoarc	Kuo-Toan Archer	rndtre06	Items
bplizgrd	Lizard Man	rndtre07	Slots
bplizgrd	Lizard Man	rndtre07	Items
bplizkng	Lizard King	rndtre07	Slots
bplizkng	Lizard King	rndtre07	Items
bplizman	Lizard Man	none	Slots
bplizsha	Lizard Shaman	rndtre07	Slots
bplizsha	Lizard Shaman	rndtre07	Items
bprost1	Courtesan	rndtre06	Slots
bprost1	Courtesan	rndtre06	Items
bprost2	Courtesan	rndtre06	Slots
bprost2	Courtesan	rndtre06	Items
bpsdwfgt	Shadow Thief	none	Slots
bpsdwfth	Shadow Thief	rndtre06	Slots
bpsdwfth	Shadow Thief	rndtre06	Items
bpsfight	Shadow Thief	rndtre06	Slots
bpsfight	Shadow Thief	rndtre06	Items
bpskelar	Skeleton Archer	none	Slots
bpskully	Skullen Crossbones	rndtre08	Slots
bpskully	Skullen Crossbones	rndtre08	Items
bpsthef2	Shadow Thief	rndtre06	Slots
bpsthef2	Shadow Thief	rndtre06	Items
bpsthef3	Shadow Thief	none	Slots
braiwa1	Blind Priest	rndtre08	Slots
braiwa1	Blind Priest	rndtre08	Items
braiwa4	Blind Priest	rndtre07	Slots
braiwa4	Blind Priest	rndtre07	Items
brebar1	Bartender	rndtre07	Slots
brebar1	Bartender	rndtre07	Items
brefi7	Traveler	rndtre06	Slots
brefi7	Traveler	rndtre06	Items
brefi8	Deli Riversmouth	rndtre06	Slots
brefi8	Deli Riversmouth	rndtre06	Items
brefr1	Frost Giant	rndtre07	Slots
brefr1	Frost Giant	rndtre07	Items
brefr2	Frost Giant	rndtre07	Slots
brefr2	Frost Giant	rndtre07	Items
breg03	D'aerthe Guard	rndtre07	Slots
breg03	D'aerthe Guard	rndtre07	Items
bregg	Bregg	rndtre06	Slots
bregg	Bregg	rndtre06	Items
brelm	Brelm	none	Slots
bryne	Bryne	none	Slots
bsailor1	Sailor	rndtre06	Slots
bsailor1	Sailor	rndtre06	Items
bsailor2	Sailor	rndtre06	Slots
bsailor2	Sailor	rndtre06	Items
bshop01	Cutpurse	rndtre06	Slots
bshop01	Cutpurse	rndtre06	Items
bshop02	Sio'chaire	none	Slots
bunkin	Bunkin	rndtre07	Slots
bunkin	Bunkin	rndtre07	Items
bwench	Elanda	rndtre06	Slots
bwench	Elanda	rndtre06	Items
bystand1	Ler	rndtre06	Slots
bystand1	Ler	rndtre06	Items
bystand2	Lady Beth	rndtre06	Slots
bystand2	Lady Beth	rndtre06	Items
c6bran	Branet Al-Thon	none	Slots
c6drow1	Drow	none	Slots
c6eric	Eric Vanstraaten	none	Slots
c6eric3	Eric Vanstraaten	rndtre07	Slots
c6eric3	Eric Vanstraaten	rndtre07	Items
c6harp	Malchor Harpell	rndtre08	Slots
c6harp	Malchor Harpell	rndtre08	Items
c6kalden	Kalden	rndtre06	Slots
c6kalden	Kalden	rndtre06	Items
c6keria	Keria	none	Slots
c6levin	Levin Rayn	rndtre07	Slots
c6levin	Levin Rayn	rndtre07	Items
c6nerit	Nerit	rndtre07	Slots
c6nerit	Nerit	rndtre07	Items
c6squire	Squire Cathras	none	Slots
c6will	William Reirrac	rndtre07	Slots
c6will	William Reirrac	rndtre07	Items
caern	Caern	rndtre07	Slots
caern	Caern	rndtre07	Items
caldar	Cal'Dar	none	Slots
calimart	Giblan	rndtre07	Slots
calimart	Giblan	rndtre07	Items
calistel	Store Guard	none	Slots
calshop1	Trader	none	Slots
calshop2	Trader	none	Slots
caltorn	Cal'Torn	rndtre08	Slots
caltorn	Cal'Torn	rndtre08	Items
cb220bn1	Bandit Orc	rndtre08	Slots
cb220bn1	Bandit Orc	rndtre08	Items
cb220bn2	Bandit Orc	rndtre08	Slots
cb220bn2	Bandit Orc	rndtre08	Items
cb230bla	Squad Leader	none	Slots
cb230blb	Squad Leader	rndtre08	Slots
cb230blb	Squad Leader	rndtre08	Items
cb230blc	Squad Leader	rndtre08	Slots
cb230blc	Squad Leader	rndtre08	Items
cb230bld	Squad Leader	rndtre08	Slots
cb230bld	Squad Leader	rndtre08	Items
cb232ld1	Squad Leader	rndtre08	Slots
cb232ld1	Squad Leader	rndtre08	Items
cb232ld2	Squad Leader	rndtre08	Slots
cb232ld2	Squad Leader	rndtre08	Items
cb257hlf	Halfling Thief	rndtre06	Slots
cb257hlf	Halfling Thief	rndtre06	Items
cb270ccb	Soubar Villager	rndtre07	Slots
cb270ccb	Soubar Villager	rndtre07	Items
cb270ccf	Soubar Villager	rndtre06	Slots
cb270ccf	Soubar Villager	rndtre06	Items
cb270ccg	Soubar Villager	rndtre06	Slots
cb270ccg	Soubar Villager	rndtre06	Items
cb285ft1	Fighter	rndtre06	Slots
cb285ft1	Fighter	rndtre06	Items
cb285ft4	Fighter	rndtre06	Slots
cb285ft4	Fighter	rndtre06	Items
cb300co1	Catapult Operator (First Squad)	rndtre08	Slots
cb300co1	Catapult Operator (First Squad)	rndtre08	Items
cb300co2	Catapult Operator (Second Squad)	none	Slots
cb304tra	Triel Villager	rndtre06	Slots
cb304tra	Triel Villager	rndtre06	Items
cb304trb	Triel Villager	rndtre06	Slots
cb304trb	Triel Villager	rndtre06	Items
cb307sl1	Squad Leader	none	Slots
cb307sl2	Squad Leader	rndtre08	Slots
cb307sl2	Squad Leader	rndtre08	Items
cb35assn	Assassin	rndtre08	Slots
cb35assn	Assassin	rndtre08	Items
cb4300ar	Bandit Archer	rndtre01	Slots
cb4300ar	Bandit Archer	rndtre01	Items
cb4300ct	Gatekeeper	rndtre08	Slots
cb4300ct	Gatekeeper	rndtre08	Items
cb4300or	Bandit Orc	none	Slots
cb4304or	Bandit Orc	rndtre08	Slots
cb4304or	Bandit Orc	rndtre08	Items
cb4310sw	Bandit Orc	rndtre07	Slots
cb4310sw	Bandit Orc	rndtre07	Items
cb4311ar	Bandit Orc	rndtre01	Slots
cb4311ar	Bandit Orc	rndtre01	Items
cb585rng	Crowley	rndtre08	Slots
cb585rng	Crowley	rndtre08	Items
cb640ft4	Fighter	rndtre06	Slots
cb640ft4	Fighter	rndtre06	Items
cbbdaw02	<Invalid Strref -1>	rndtre06	Slots
cbbdaw02	<Invalid Strref -1>	rndtre06	Items
cbbdfhjd	<Invalid Strref -1>	rndtre06	Slots
cbbdfhjd	<Invalid Strref -1>	rndtre06	Items
cbbdfhje	<Invalid Strref -1>	none	Slots
cbbgber1	Bugbear	rndtre06	Slots
cbbgber1	Bugbear	rndtre06	Items
cbbgber2	Bugbear	rndtre08	Slots
cbbgber2	Bugbear	rndtre08	Items
cbbgbera	Bugbear	rndtre06	Slots
cbbgbera	Bugbear	rndtre06	Items
cbbgberb	Bugbear	rndtre06	Slots
cbbgberb	Bugbear	rndtre06	Items
cbbgberc	Bugbear	none	Slots
cbbgberd	Bugbear	none	Slots
cbbgberw	Bugbear	none	Slots
cbbgberx	Bugbear	rndtre06	Slots
cbbgberx	Bugbear	rndtre06	Items
cbbgbery	Bugbear	rndtre06	Slots
cbbgbery	Bugbear	rndtre06	Items
cbbgberz	Bugbear	rndtre06	Slots
cbbgberz	Bugbear	rndtre06	Items
cbbyrn03	Byron	rndtre01	Slots
cbbyrn03	Byron	rndtre01	Items
cbbyrn66	Byron	rndtre01	Slots
cbbyrn66	Byron	rndtre01	Items
cbc8ctc3	Cult Superior	none	Slots
cbc8ctf1	Cult Fighter	rndtre06	Slots
cbc8ctf1	Cult Fighter	rndtre06	Items
cbc8ctf3	Cult Fighter	rndtre01	Slots
cbc8ctf3	Cult Fighter	rndtre01	Items
cbc8ctm1	Cult Mage	rndtre07	Slots
cbc8ctm1	Cult Mage	rndtre07	Items
cbc8ctm2	Cult Mage	none	Slots
cbc8ctm3	Cult Mage	rndtre08	Slots
cbc8ctm3	Cult Mage	rndtre08	Items
cbc8ctu3	Undead Cultist	rndtre06	Slots
cbc8ctu3	Undead Cultist	rndtre06	Items
cbdriwz2	Drider Wizard	rndtre08	Slots
cbdriwz2	Drider Wizard	rndtre08	Items
cbdriwz3	Drider Wizard	none	Slots
cbdrwhm2	Drow High Handmaiden of Lolth	rndtre08	Slots
cbdrwhm2	Drow High Handmaiden of Lolth	rndtre08	Items
cbdrwhm3	Drow High Handmaiden of Lolth	none	Slots
cbdrwhp3	Drow High Priestess of Lolth	rndtre08	Slots
cbdrwhp3	Drow High Priestess of Lolth	rndtre08	Items
cbffcrw1	Nobleman	none	Slots
cbffcrw2	Noblewoman	rndtre06	Slots
cbffcrw2	Noblewoman	rndtre06	Items
cbgonast	Gonthril Astinar	rndtre07	Slots
cbgonast	Gonthril Astinar	rndtre07	Items
cbharpy1	Harpy	rndtre06	Slots
cbharpy1	Harpy	rndtre06	Items
cbharpy2	Harpy	rndtre08	Slots
cbharpy2	Harpy	rndtre08	Items
cbharpya	Harpy	none	Slots
cbharpyb	Harpy	rndtre06	Slots
cbharpyb	Harpy	rndtre06	Items
cbharpyc	Harpy	none	Slots
cbharpyd	Harpy	rndtre06	Slots
cbharpyd	Harpy	rndtre06	Items
cbharpyw	Harpy	none	Slots
cbharpyx	Harpy	rndtre06	Slots
cbharpyx	Harpy	rndtre06	Items
cbharpyy	Harpy	none	Slots
cbharpyz	Harpy	rndtre06	Slots
cbharpyz	Harpy	rndtre06	Items
cbhlvlnt	Valiant	none	Slots
cbldbuck	Lord Hammerhand Bucko	rndtre06	Slots
cbldbuck	Lord Hammerhand Bucko	rndtre06	Items
cblolth2	Avatar of Lolth	rndtre07	Slots
cblolth2	Avatar of Lolth	rndtre07	Items
cblybuck	Leeta Bucko	none	Slots
cbmalr6	Druid Bodyguard	rndtre01	Slots
cbmalr6	Druid Bodyguard	rndtre01	Items
cbmalr7	Apprentice Bodyguard	none	Slots
cbminto	Minto	rndtre07	Slots
cbminto	Minto	rndtre07	Items
cbnobl1w	Nobleman	rndtre06	Slots
cbnobl1w	Nobleman	rndtre06	Items
cbnobl2w	Noblewoman	rndtre08	Slots
cbnobl2w	Noblewoman	rndtre08	Items
cbnobl3w	Lord Ophal	rndtre08	Slots
cbnobl3w	Lord Ophal	rndtre08	Items
cbnobl4w	Nobleman	rndtre06	Slots
cbnobl4w	Nobleman	rndtre06	Items
cbnrt001	Northman	rndtre07	Slots
cbnrt001	Northman	rndtre07	Items
cbnrt002	Northman	rndtre07	Slots
cbnrt002	Northman	rndtre07	Items
cbnrt003	Northman	rndtre07	Slots
cbnrt003	Northman	rndtre07	Items
cbnrt004	Northman	rndtre07	Slots
cbnrt004	Northman	rndtre07	Items
cbnrt005	Northman	rndtre07	Slots
cbnrt005	Northman	rndtre07	Items
cbnrt010	Northman	rndtre07	Slots
cbnrt010	Northman	rndtre07	Items
cbnrt020	Northman Elder	rndtre07	Slots
cbnrt020	Northman Elder	rndtre07	Items
cbnrt025	Northman Elder	rndtre07	Slots
cbnrt025	Northman Elder	rndtre07	Items
cbowen03	Owen	rndtre01	Slots
cbowen03	Owen	rndtre01	Items
cbowen66	Owen	rndtre01	Slots
cbowen66	Owen	rndtre01	Items
cbrrrpip	Piper	rndtre06	Slots
cbrrrpip	Piper	rndtre06	Items
cbrtbda2	Bandit	rndtre06	Slots
cbrtbda2	Bandit	rndtre06	Items
cbrtbda3	Bandit	rndtre08	Slots
cbrtbda3	Bandit	rndtre08	Items
cbrtbdb2	Bandit	rndtre06	Slots
cbrtbdb2	Bandit	rndtre06	Items
cbrtbdb3	Bandit	rndtre08	Slots
cbrtbdb3	Bandit	rndtre08	Items
cbrtbdc2	Bandit	rndtre06	Slots
cbrtbdc2	Bandit	rndtre06	Items
cbrtbdc3	Bandit	none	Slots
cbrtbdd2	Bandit	rndtre06	Slots
cbrtbdd2	Bandit	rndtre06	Items
cbrtbdd3	Bandit	rndtre08	Slots
cbrtbdd3	Bandit	rndtre08	Items
cbrtbde2	Bandit	rndtre06	Slots
cbrtbde2	Bandit	rndtre06	Items
cbrtbde3	Bandit	rndtre08	Slots
cbrtbde3	Bandit	rndtre08	Items
cbrtbdg2	Bandit	none	Slots
cbrtbdg3	Bandit	none	Slots
cbrtbdh2	Bandit	rndtre06	Slots
cbrtbdh2	Bandit	rndtre06	Items
cbrtbdh3	Bandit	rndtre08	Slots
cbrtbdh3	Bandit	rndtre08	Items
cbrtbdi2	Bandit	rndtre06	Slots
cbrtbdi2	Bandit	rndtre06	Items
cbrtbdi3	Bandit	rndtre08	Slots
cbrtbdi3	Bandit	rndtre08	Items
cbrtbdj2	Bandit	none	Slots
cbrtbdj3	Bandit	none	Slots
cbrtbdk2	Bandit	rndtre06	Slots
cbrtbdk2	Bandit	rndtre06	Items
cbrtbdk3	Bandit	rndtre08	Slots
cbrtbdk3	Bandit	rndtre08	Items
cbrtrbda	Squad Leader	rndtre07	Slots
cbrtrbda	Squad Leader	rndtre07	Items
cbrtrbdb	Squad Leader	rndtre07	Slots
cbrtrbdb	Squad Leader	rndtre07	Items
cbrtrbdc	Squad Leader	rndtre07	Slots
cbrtrbdc	Squad Leader	rndtre07	Items
cbrtrbdd	Squad Leader	none	Slots
cbrtrbde	Squad Leader	rndtre07	Slots
cbrtrbde	Squad Leader	rndtre07	Items
cbrtrbdf	Squad Leader	rndtre07	Slots
cbrtrbdf	Squad Leader	rndtre07	Items
cbrtrbdg	Squad Leader	rndtre07	Slots
cbrtrbdg	Squad Leader	rndtre07	Items
cbrtrbdh	Squad Leader	rndtre07	Slots
cbrtrbdh	Squad Leader	rndtre07	Items
cbrtrbdi	Squad Leader	rndtre07	Slots
cbrtrbdi	Squad Leader	rndtre07	Items
cbrtrbdj	Squad Leader	none	Slots
cbrtrbdk	Squad Leader	rndtre07	Slots
cbrtrbdk	Squad Leader	rndtre07	Items
cbsbin64	Johan Branding	rndtre06	Slots
cbsbin64	Johan Branding	rndtre06	Items
cbsbtvra	Soubar Villager	rndtre06	Slots
cbsbtvra	Soubar Villager	rndtre06	Items
cbsbtvrb	Soubar Villager	rndtre07	Slots
cbsbtvrb	Soubar Villager	rndtre07	Items
cbsbtvrf	Soubar Villager	none	Slots
cbsbtvrh	Soubar Villager	none	Slots
cbsbtvri	Soubar Villager	rndtre07	Slots
cbsbtvri	Soubar Villager	rndtre07	Items
cbsbtvrm	Soubar Villager	rndtre06	Slots
cbsbtvrm	Soubar Villager	rndtre06	Items
cbsbtvro	Soubar Villager	rndtre07	Slots
cbsbtvro	Soubar Villager	rndtre07	Items
cbsbwt64	Susan Branding	none	Slots
cbsbwt67	Jill Ann Kross	rndtre06	Slots
cbsbwt67	Jill Ann Kross	rndtre06	Items
cbsccw01	Cowled Wizard	none	Slots
cbsccw02	Cowled Wizard	rndtre08	Slots
cbsccw02	Cowled Wizard	rndtre08	Items
cbsccwen	Cowled Wizard	none	Slots
cbshdrun	Shadow Thief	rndtre01	Slots
cbshdrun	Shadow Thief	rndtre01	Items
cbst0103	Shadow Thief	rndtre01	Slots
cbst0103	Shadow Thief	rndtre01	Items
cbst0166	Shadow Thief	rndtre01	Slots
cbst0166	Shadow Thief	rndtre01	Items
cbst0203	Shadow Thief	rndtre01	Slots
cbst0203	Shadow Thief	rndtre01	Items
cbst0266	Shadow Thief	rndtre01	Slots
cbst0266	Shadow Thief	rndtre01	Items
cbst0303	Shadow Thief	none	Slots
cbst0366	Shadow Thief	rndtre01	Slots
cbst0366	Shadow Thief	rndtre01	Items
cbst0403	Shadow Thief	rndtre01	Slots
cbst0403	Shadow Thief	rndtre01	Items
cbst0466	Shadow Thief	none	Slots
cbst0503	Shadow Thief	rndtre01	Slots
cbst0503	Shadow Thief	rndtre01	Items
cbst0566	Shadow Thief	rndtre01	Slots
cbst0566	Shadow Thief	rndtre01	Items
cbstks66	Shadow Thief	rndtre01	Slots
cbstks66	Shadow Thief	rndtre01	Items
cbsurayw	Surayah	rndtre06	Slots
cbsurayw	Surayah	rndtre06	Items
cbtaxcol	Tax Collector	rndtre08	Slots
cbtaxcol	Tax Collector	rndtre08	Items
cbtaxtwc	Town Crier	rndtre07	Slots
cbtaxtwc	Town Crier	rndtre07	Items
cbtreant	Treant	rndtre06	Slots
cbtreant	Treant	rndtre06	Items
cbtriel0	Triel Villager	rndtre06	Slots
cbtriel0	Triel Villager	rndtre06	Items
cbtriel1	Triel Villager	rndtre06	Slots
cbtriel1	Triel Villager	rndtre06	Items
cbtriel2	Triel Villager	none	Slots
cbtriel3	Triel Villager	rndtre06	Slots
cbtriel3	Triel Villager	rndtre06	Items
cbtriel4	Triel Villager	rndtre06	Slots
cbtriel4	Triel Villager	rndtre06	Items
cbtriel5	Triel Villager	rndtre06	Slots
cbtriel5	Triel Villager	rndtre06	Items
cbtriel6	Triel Villager	rndtre06	Slots
cbtriel6	Triel Villager	rndtre06	Items
cbtriel7	Triel Villager	rndtre06	Slots
cbtriel7	Triel Villager	rndtre06	Items
cbtriel8	Triel Villager	rndtre06	Slots
cbtriel8	Triel Villager	rndtre06	Items
cbtriel9	Triel Villager	rndtre06	Slots
cbtriel9	Triel Villager	rndtre06	Items
cbvinnie	Vincenzo the Innkeep	rndtre06	Slots
cbvinnie	Vincenzo the Innkeep	rndtre06	Items
cbwillet	Willet the Stableboy	rndtre06	Slots
cbwillet	Willet the Stableboy	rndtre06	Items
cbzomb02	Dread Warrior	none	Slots
cbzombd2	Dread Warrior	rndwep06	Slots
cbzombd2	Dread Warrior	rndwep06	Items
ccguard2	Copper Coronet Guard	none	Slots
cefgt01	Shadow Druid	rndtre07	Slots
cefgt01	Shadow Druid	rndtre07	Items
cefgt03	Adherent	rndtre06	Slots
cefgt03	Adherent	rndtre06	Items
chak	Chak	none	Slots
chevil03	Ogre Mage	rndtre08	Slots
chevil03	Ogre Mage	rndtre08	Items
chuyol	Chu'yol	rndtre07	Slots
chuyol	Chu'yol	rndtre07	Items
clelun01	Eluno	rndtre06	Slots
clelun01	Eluno	rndtre06	Items
clfjmp	Lord Jumpalota	rndtre07	Slots
clfjmp	Lord Jumpalota	rndtre07	Items
clmalg01	Malario Soldier	none	Slots
cltcut03	Elite Guard	rndtre06	Slots
cltcut03	Elite Guard	rndtre06	Items
cltiva01	Ti'Vael	rndtre07	Slots
cltiva01	Ti'Vael	rndtre07	Items
cmggo1	Goblin	rndtre06	Slots
cmggo1	Goblin	rndtre06	Items
cmgnol01	Gnoll Clan Leader	none	Slots
cmgnol02	Gnoll Clan Guard	none	Slots
cmgnol03	Gnoll Elite Warrior	none	Items
cmgnol04	Gnoll Veteran Warrior	rndtre06	Slots
cmgnol04	Gnoll Veteran Warrior	rndtre06	Items
cmhob01	Hobgoblin	none	Slots
cmhob03	Hobgoblin General	rndtre07	Slots
cmhob03	Hobgoblin General	rndtre07	Items
cmkfc01	"The Colonel"	rndtre06	Slots
cmkfc01	"The Colonel"	rndtre06	Items
cmlog03	Ogre	none	Slots
cmlog04	Ogre Mage	rndtre08	Slots
cmlog04	Ogre Mage	rndtre08	Items
cmlordas	Lord Ashram	rndtre06	Slots
cmlordas	Lord Ashram	rndtre06	Items
cmogregu	Half Ogre Guard	rndtre07	Slots
cmogregu	Half Ogre Guard	rndtre07	Items
cmogrem1	Ogre Mage	none	Slots
cmske03	Skeleton	rndtre08	Slots
cmske03	Skeleton	rndtre08	Items
cmske04	Skeleton	rndtre08	Slots
cmske04	Skeleton	rndtre08	Items
cohrvale	Cohrvale	rndtre08	Slots
cohrvale	Cohrvale	rndtre08	Items
copcust2	Commoner	none	Slots
copcust3	Nobleman	rndtre06	Slots
copcust3	Nobleman	rndtre06	Items
copgreet	Frankie	none	Slots
cor	Cor Delryn	rndtre08	Slots
cor	Cor Delryn	rndtre08	Items
corgeig	Corgeig Axehand	rndtre07	Slots
corgeig	Corgeig Axehand	rndtre07	Items
cowenf1	Cowled Enforcer	rndtre08	Slots
cowenf1	Cowled Enforcer	rndtre08	Items
cowenf3	Cowled Enforcer	rndtre08	Slots
cowenf3	Cowled Enforcer	rndtre08	Items
cowled	Cowled Wizard	rndtre08	Slots
cowled	Cowled Wizard	rndtre08	Items
crthf03	Rilmi	rndtre06	Slots
crthf03	Rilmi	rndtre06	Items
cuguard	Baragh	rndtre06	Slots
cuguard	Baragh	rndtre06	Items
cultmo10	Ettin	rndtre07	Slots
cultmo10	Ettin	rndtre07	Items
cupris1	Elven Warrior	rndtre06	Slots
cupris1	Elven Warrior	rndtre06	Items
cupris2	Elven Warrior	rndtre06	Slots
cupris2	Elven Warrior	rndtre06	Items
cwshen	Hendak	rndtre07	Slots
cwshen	Hendak	rndtre07	Items
cwssal	Salvanas	rndtre07	Slots
cwssal	Salvanas	rndtre07	Items
cyclead	Cyclops Leader	rndtre07	Slots
cyclead	Cyclops Leader	rndtre07	Items
cyclop	Cyclops	rndtre06	Slots
cyclop	Cyclops	rndtre06	Items
cyclop2	Cyclops	rndtre06	Slots
cyclop2	Cyclops	rndtre06	Items
cyclop3	Cyclops	none	Slots
cyclop4	Cyclops	none	Slots
d0debt3	Debt Collector	rndtre08	Slots
d0debt3	Debt Collector	rndtre08	Items
d0guard4	Sanctioned Wizard	rndtre08	Slots
d0guard4	Sanctioned Wizard	rndtre08	Items
d0lender	Celile	rndtre06	Slots
d0lender	Celile	rndtre06	Items
d0poor	Moiya	rndtre06	Slots
d0poor	Moiya	rndtre06	Items
d0qpback	Cowled Escort	none	Slots
d0qppotn	Jadarath	rndtre06	Slots
d0qppotn	Jadarath	rndtre06	Items
d0qpsy01	Sythillisian Soldier	rndtre08	Slots
d0qpsy01	Sythillisian Soldier	rndtre08	Items
d0qpsy02	Sythillisian Soldier	rndtre08	Slots
d0qpsy02	Sythillisian Soldier	rndtre08	Items
d0qpsy03	Sythillisian Soldier	rndtre08	Slots
d0qpsy03	Sythillisian Soldier	rndtre08	Items
d0qpsy05	Sythillisian Soldier	rndtre08	Slots
d0qpsy05	Sythillisian Soldier	rndtre08	Items
d0qpsy06	Sythillisian Soldier	rndtre08	Slots
d0qpsy06	Sythillisian Soldier	rndtre08	Items
d0qpsy07	Sythillisian Soldier	rndtre08	Slots
d0qpsy07	Sythillisian Soldier	rndtre08	Items
d0qpsy08	Sythillisian Soldier	none	Slots
d0thug4	Pirate Bodyguard	rndtre06	Slots
d0thug4	Pirate Bodyguard	rndtre06	Items
dadrow3	Drow Slave Trader	rndtre07	Slots
dadrow3	Drow Slave Trader	rndtre07	Items
dagnoll	Gnoll	rndtre08	Slots
dagnoll	Gnoll	rndtre08	Items
danno	Danno Fairfoot	rndtre06	Slots
danno	Danno Fairfoot	rndtre06	Items
darorc2	Orc Bandit	rndtre07	Slots
darorc2	Orc Bandit	rndtre07	Items
darorc3	Orc Bandit	rndtre07	Slots
darorc3	Orc Bandit	rndtre07	Items
dd1700wi	Slurice	rndtre08	Slots
dd1700wi	Slurice	rndtre08	Items
ddhall01	Krent	rndtre07	Slots
ddhall01	Krent	rndtre07	Items
degard	Degardan	rndtre08	Slots
degard	Degardan	rndtre08	Items
delcia	Lady Delcia Caan	rndtre07	Slots
delcia	Lady Delcia Caan	rndtre07	Items
delei	Delei	rndtre07	Slots
delei	Delei	rndtre07	Items
delnob01	Nobleman	rndtre06	Slots
delnob01	Nobleman	rndtre06	Items
delnob02	Noblewoman	rndtre06	Slots
delnob02	Noblewoman	rndtre06	Items
demfig01	Falahar	none	Slots
demfig02	Valeria	none	Slots
desmage	Desperado Mage	rndtre08	Slots
desmage	Desperado Mage	rndtre08	Items
dhalf1	Halfling Man	none	Slots
dharlot1	Harlot	none	Slots
dinanmum	Johanna	rndtre06	Slots
dinanmum	Johanna	rndtre06	Items
dinmum2	Johanna	none	Slots
dmark1	Fovem	none	Slots
dmask1	Commoner	rndtre06	Slots
dmask1	Commoner	rndtre06	Items
docsol01	Amnish Soldier	rndtre06	Slots
docsol01	Amnish Soldier	rndtre06	Items
docsol02	Barracks Guard	none	Slots
dopcle01	Kiel the Legion Killer	rndtre08	Slots
dopcle01	Kiel the Legion Killer	rndtre08	Items
dopgre01	Greater Doppelganger	rndtre08	Slots
dopgre01	Greater Doppelganger	rndtre08	Items
dopple01	Doppelganger	rndtre08	Slots
dopple01	Doppelganger	rndtre08	Items
dragbr1	Gnoll	rndtre08	Slots
dragbr1	Gnoll	rndtre08	Items
draug	Draug Fea	none	Slots
drow01	Drow Warrior	rndtre01	Slots
drow01	Drow Warrior	rndtre01	Items
drow02	Drow Warrior	none	Slots
drow03	Drow Wizard	none	Slots
drow04	Drow Priestess	none	Slots
drow05	Drow	rndtre06	Slots
drow05	Drow	rndtre06	Items
drow06	Drow	none	Slots
drow07	Drow Priestess	rndtre06	Slots
drow07	Drow Priestess	rndtre06	Items
druff1	Ruffian	rndtre06	Slots
druff1	Ruffian	rndtre06	Items
druff2	Ruffian	rndtre06	Slots
druff2	Ruffian	rndtre06	Items
drush	Drush	rndtre08	Slots
drush	Drush	rndtre08	Items
dsailor1	Sailor	rndtre07	Slots
dsailor1	Sailor	rndtre07	Items
dsailor2	Sailor	rndtre07	Slots
dsailor2	Sailor	rndtre07	Items
dsarchdr	The Arch Druid	none	Slots
dsgnollc	Gnoll Chieftan	rndtre06	Slots
dsgnollc	Gnoll Chieftan	rndtre06	Items
dsgobchf	Goblin Chief	rndtre06	Slots
dsgobchf	Goblin Chief	rndtre06	Items
dsgrunk	Grog	rndtre06	Slots
dsgrunk	Grog	rndtre06	Items
dshalf01	Gandolar Luckyfoot	rndtre08	Slots
dshalf01	Gandolar Luckyfoot	rndtre08	Items
dshalf02	Halfling Fighter	rndtre08	Slots
dshalf02	Halfling Fighter	rndtre08	Items
dshalf03	Halfling Fighter	rndtre08	Slots
dshalf03	Halfling Fighter	rndtre08	Items
dshalfd2	Halfling Fighter	rndtre08	Slots
dshalfd2	Halfling Fighter	rndtre08	Items
dshop01	Ikert	rndtre07	Slots
dshop01	Ikert	rndtre07	Items
dsorc01	Orc	rndtre07	Slots
dsorc01	Orc	rndtre07	Items
dw#abrop	Merchant	rndtre07	Slots
dw#abrop	Merchant	rndtre07	Items
dw#c3hb	Hobgoblin Elite	none	Slots
dw#mulka	Kobold	rndtre06	Slots
dw#mulka	Kobold	rndtre06	Items
dw#oghob	Hobgoblin Elite	rndtre07	Slots
dw#oghob	Hobgoblin Elite	rndtre07	Items
dw#refg1	Bandit	rndtre06	Slots
dw#refg1	Bandit	rndtre06	Items
dw#trl01	Troll	rndtre08	Slots
dw#trl01	Troll	rndtre08	Items
dw#trlbl	Blizzard Troll	none	Slots
dw#trlde	Desert Troll	rndtre08	Slots
dw#trlde	Desert Troll	rndtre08	Items
dw#trlfr	Troll	none	Slots
dw#trlgi	Giant Troll	rndtre08	Slots
dw#trlgi	Giant Troll	rndtre08	Items
dw#trlic	Ice Troll	rndtre08	Slots
dw#trlic	Ice Troll	rndtre08	Items
dw#trlsi	Spirit Troll	rndtre08	Slots
dw#trlsi	Spirit Troll	rndtre08	Items
dw#tygol	Tyrant Golem	none	Slots
e3eriale	Eriale	none	Slots
e3sume	Sume	none	Slots
egald1	Edomis Galdenburg	rndtre07	Slots
egald1	Edomis Galdenburg	rndtre07	Items
egald2	Edomis Galdenburg	none	Slots
egald3	Edomis Galdenburg	rndtre07	Slots
egald3	Edomis Galdenburg	rndtre07	Items
elehob01	Goblin Commando	rndtre07	Slots
elehob01	Goblin Commando	rndtre07	Items
elotte	Squire Elotte	rndtre06	Slots
elotte	Squire Elotte	rndtre06	Items
ermag1	Castle Mage	none	Slots
ermag2	Castle Mage	rndtre06	Slots
ermag2	Castle Mage	rndtre06	Items
ermag3	Castle Mage	none	Slots
ermag4	Castle Mage	none	Slots
esath	Esath	rndtre07	Slots
esath	Esath	rndtre07	Items
esath2	Esath	rndtre07	Slots
esath2	Esath	rndtre07	Items
esath3	Esath	none	Slots
escort2	Kerstia	rndtre06	Slots
escort2	Kerstia	rndtre06	Items
escort2a	Kerstia	rndtre06	Slots
escort2a	Kerstia	rndtre06	Items
etter01	Ettercap	rndtre07	Slots
etter01	Ettercap	rndtre07	Items
ettin	Ettin	rndtre07	Slots
ettin	Ettin	rndtre07	Items
etting	Greater Ettin	none	Slots
etting2	Greater Ettin	none	Slots
f_gobele	Goblin Elite	rndtre06	Slots
f_gobele	Goblin Elite	rndtre06	Items
f_goblin	Goblin	none	Slots
f_harpy	Harpy	none	Slots
f_medusa	Medusa	rndtre08	Slots
f_medusa	Medusa	rndtre08	Items
f_orc	Orc	rndtre07	Slots
f_orc	Orc	rndtre07	Items
ffbart	Samuel Thunderburp	rndtre07	Slots
ffbart	Samuel Thunderburp	rndtre07	Items
ffcrowd1	Nobleman	rndtre06	Slots
ffcrowd1	Nobleman	rndtre06	Items
ffcrowd2	Noblewoman	rndtre06	Slots
ffcrowd2	Noblewoman	rndtre06	Items
ffcust05	Tavern Patron	rndtre06	Slots
ffcust05	Tavern Patron	rndtre06	Items
ffcust06	Belle	rndtre06	Slots
ffcust06	Belle	rndtre06	Items
ffcust07	H'rothgar Firehammer	none	Slots
ffcust08	Jerry Jamtoes	rndtre06	Slots
ffcust08	Jerry Jamtoes	rndtre06	Items
ffcust09	Lord Sterk	rndtre06	Slots
ffcust09	Lord Sterk	rndtre06	Items
ffwench	Thalia Thunderburp	none	Slots
firamb02	Gerg	none	Slots
firban04	Orc	rndtre08	Slots
firban04	Orc	rndtre08	Items
firban05	Orc	rndtre08	Slots
firban05	Orc	rndtre08	Items
firorc02	Derg the Orc	rndtre08	Slots
firorc02	Derg the Orc	rndtre08	Items
frostgg	Greater Frost Giant	rndtre07	Slots
frostgg	Greater Frost Giant	rndtre07	Items
frostgi	Frost Giant	rndtre07	Slots
frostgi	Frost Giant	rndtre07	Items
frostgi2	Frost Giant	rndtre07	Slots
frostgi2	Frost Giant	rndtre07	Items
frostgi3	Frost Giant	rndtre06	Slots
frostgi3	Frost Giant	rndtre06	Items
frostgi4	Frost Giant	none	Slots
frostham	Garth Frosthammer	rndtre07	Slots
frostham	Garth Frosthammer	rndtre07	Items
fshorde1	Goblin	rndtre06	Slots
fshorde1	Goblin	rndtre06	Items
fshorde3	Goblin	none	Slots
fshorde4	Orc	rndtre07	Slots
fshorde4	Orc	rndtre07	Items
fshorde6	Orc Archer	rndtre07	Slots
fshorde6	Orc Archer	rndtre07	Items
ftown7	Tavern Patron	rndtre06	Slots
ftown7	Tavern Patron	rndtre06	Items
fyual	Greater Yuan-Ti Leader	rndtre08	Slots
fyual	Greater Yuan-Ti Leader	rndtre08	Items
fyuam	Greater Yuan-Ti Mage	rndtre06	Slots
fyuam	Greater Yuan-Ti Mage	rndtre06	Items
g3maid	Barmaid	rndtre06	Slots
g3maid	Barmaid	rndtre06	Items
g3mrsgtu	Mrs. The Unmanned	none	Slots
g3sailr1	Sailor	none	Slots
g3sailr2	Sailor	rndtre06	Slots
g3sailr2	Sailor	rndtre06	Items
g3sailr3	Sailor	none	Slots
gaidan	Gaidan	rndtre08	Slots
gaidan	Gaidan	rndtre08	Items
gaidan2	Gaidan	none	Slots
gall	Gallchobhair	rndtre08	Slots
gall	Gallchobhair	rndtre08	Items
gamguy	Gamesman	rndtre06	Slots
gamguy	Gamesman	rndtre06	Items
garkid01	Iltha	none	Slots
garkid02	Taar	none	Slots
gbhrep1e	Mage	rndtre08	Slots
gbhrep1e	Mage	rndtre08	Items
gemfar02	Erlin Hendrick	rndtre06	Slots
gemfar02	Erlin Hendrick	rndtre06	Items
gemjeb01	Jeb	rndtre06	Slots
gemjeb01	Jeb	rndtre06	Items
gfigh05	Calahan	rndtre06	Slots
gfigh05	Calahan	rndtre06	Items
ggiantf1	Greater Fire Giant	rndtre07	Slots
ggiantf1	Greater Fire Giant	rndtre07	Items
ggiantf2	Greater Fire Giant	rndtre07	Slots
ggiantf2	Greater Fire Giant	rndtre07	Items
ggiantf3	Greater Fire Giant	rndtre07	Slots
ggiantf3	Greater Fire Giant	rndtre07	Items
ggiantfr	Greater Fire Giant	none	Slots
ghereg	Ghereg	none	Slots
gholor01	Ghoul Lord	rndtre08	Slots
gholor01	Ghoul Lord	rndtre08	Items
ghoul	Ghoul	rndtre01	Slots
ghoul	Ghoul	rndtre01	Items
giantfr	Fire Giant	none	Slots
gibmut01	Mutated Gibberling	rndtre06	Slots
gibmut01	Mutated Gibberling	rndtre06	Items
gnlcap01	Gnoll Captain	rndtre08	Slots
gnlcap01	Gnoll Captain	rndtre08	Items
gnleli01	Gnoll Elite	rndtre08	Slots
gnleli01	Gnoll Elite	rndtre08	Items
gnlfli01	Flind	rndtre08	Slots
gnlfli01	Flind	rndtre08	Items
gnlsla01	Gnoll Slasher	rndtre06	Slots
gnlsla01	Gnoll Slasher	rndtre06	Items
gnlvet01	Gnoll Veteran	rndtre06	Slots
gnlvet01	Gnoll Veteran	rndtre06	Items
gnlwar01	Gnoll	none	Slots
gnoblef1	Noblewoman	none	Slots
gnoblef2	Noblewoman	rndtre07	Slots
gnoblef2	Noblewoman	rndtre07	Items
gnoblem1	Nobleman	rndtre06	Slots
gnoblem1	Nobleman	rndtre06	Items
gnoblem2	Nobleman	rndtre06	Slots
gnoblem2	Nobleman	rndtre06	Items
gnoll01	Gnoll	none	Slots
gnoll02	Gnoll	none	Slots
gnoll03	Gnoll	rndtre06	Slots
gnoll03	Gnoll	rndtre06	Items
gnoll3	Gnoll	rndtre06	Slots
gnoll3	Gnoll	rndtre06	Items
gnollhp1	Gnoll	rndtre08	Slots
gnollhp1	Gnoll	rndtre08	Items
goblinsp	Crazy Goblin Marshal	rndtre06	Slots
goblinsp	Crazy Goblin Marshal	rndtre06	Items
godxva1	Xvart	rndtre06	Slots
godxva1	Xvart	rndtre06	Items
godxva2	Xvart	none	Slots
godxva3	Xvart	rndtre06	Slots
godxva3	Xvart	rndtre06	Items
goliro01	Iron Golem	rndtre08	Slots
goliro01	Iron Golem	rndtre08	Items
goljug01	Juggernaut Golem	none	Slots
golkill2	Adamantite Golem	none	Slots
goralu01	Alu-Fiend	rndtre07	Slots
goralu01	Alu-Fiend	rndtre07	Items
gorcamb	Aesgareth	none	Slots
gorcamb2	Tiefling	rndtre08	Slots
gorcamb2	Tiefling	rndtre08	Items
gorcamb4	Tiefling	rndtre08	Slots
gorcamb4	Tiefling	rndtre08	Items
gorcamb5	Tiefling	rndtre08	Slots
gorcamb5	Tiefling	rndtre08	Items
gorch	Gorch	rndtre06	Slots
gorch	Gorch	rndtre06	Items
gorje	Gorje Hilldark	rndtre07	Slots
gorje	Gorje Hilldark	rndtre07	Items
gororc01	Orc	rndtre07	Slots
gororc01	Orc	rndtre07	Items
gororc02	Orc Archer	rndtre07	Slots
gororc02	Orc Archer	rndtre07	Items
gorwom01	Nalmissra	rndtre08	Slots
gorwom01	Nalmissra	rndtre08	Items
gorwom04	Ameralis Zauviir	rndtre08	Slots
gorwom04	Ameralis Zauviir	rndtre08	Items
gpfight1	Boz	rndtre06	Slots
gpfight1	Boz	rndtre06	Items
gphil02	Philosopher	rndtre06	Slots
gphil02	Philosopher	rndtre06	Items
gpsimb	Simbja	rndtre06	Slots
gpsimb	Simbja	rndtre06	Items
gromg07	Il-Khan Soldier	rndtre08	Slots
gromg07	Il-Khan Soldier	rndtre08	Items
gromg10	Berena Elkan	rndtre08	Slots
gromg10	Berena Elkan	rndtre08	Items
gtcit1	Ghoul	rndtre08	Slots
gtcit1	Ghoul	rndtre08	Items
gtcit2	Ghoul	rndtre08	Slots
gtcit2	Ghoul	rndtre08	Items
guard1	Bouncer	rndtre08	Slots
guard1	Bouncer	rndtre08	Items
guard2	Copper Coronet Guard	rndtre08	Slots
guard2	Copper Coronet Guard	rndtre08	Items
guard3	Copper Coronet Guard	rndtre08	Slots
guard3	Copper Coronet Guard	rndtre08	Items
gzombie	I had some more questions about Kuldahar.	rndtre08	Slots
gzombie	I had some more questions about Kuldahar.	rndtre08	Items
hacton	Acton Balthis	rndtre08	Slots
hacton	Acton Balthis	rndtre08	Items
hapip	Pip	rndtre07	Slots
hapip	Pip	rndtre07	Items
hawker01	Hawker	rndtre06	Slots
hawker01	Hawker	rndtre06	Items
hedorc1	Orc	rndtre07	Slots
hedorc1	Orc	rndtre07	Items
hedorc2	Orc	none	Slots
hedorc3	Orc	none	Slots
hedorc4	Orc	rndtre06	Slots
hedorc4	Orc	rndtre06	Items
hedorc5	Orc	rndtre06	Slots
hedorc5	Orc	rndtre06	Items
hedorc6	Orc	rndtre06	Slots
hedorc6	Orc	rndtre06	Items
hendak	Hendak	rndtre07	Slots
hendak	Hendak	rndtre07	Items
hgkar01	Karthis al-Hezzar	rndtre07	Slots
hgkar01	Karthis al-Hezzar	rndtre07	Items
hgnya01	Nyalee	none	Slots
hgsal01	Fire Salamander	none	Slots
hgwar01	Fire Giant	rndtre08	Slots
hgwar01	Fire Giant	rndtre08	Items
hgwar02	Elite Fire Giant	rndtre08	Slots
hgwar02	Elite Fire Giant	rndtre08	Items
hist1	Historian	rndtre06	Slots
hist1	Historian	rndtre06	Items
hlfight	Fighter	none	Slots
hobarc01	Hobgoblin Archer	rndtre08	Slots
hobarc01	Hobgoblin Archer	rndtre08	Items
hobarc02	Hobgoblin Archer	rndtre08	Slots
hobarc02	Hobgoblin Archer	rndtre08	Items
hobarc03	Hobgoblin Archer	none	Slots
hobcap01	Hobgoblin Captain	rndtre07	Slots
hobcap01	Hobgoblin Captain	rndtre07	Items
hobeli01	Hobgoblin Elite	rndtre08	Slots
hobeli01	Hobgoblin Elite	rndtre08	Items
hobgo2	Hobgoblin	none	Slots
hobgo3	Hobgoblin	rndtre07	Slots
hobgo3	Hobgoblin	rndtre07	Items
hobgo4	Hobgoblin	none	Slots
hobgo6	Hobgoblin	rndtre07	Slots
hobgo6	Hobgoblin	rndtre07	Items
hobgob01	Gerg	none	Slots
hobgob03	Hobgoblin	rndtre07	Slots
hobgob03	Hobgoblin	rndtre07	Items
hobgob04	Hobgoblin	rndtre07	Slots
hobgob04	Hobgoblin	rndtre07	Items
hobgob05	Hobgoblin	rndtre07	Slots
hobgob05	Hobgoblin	rndtre07	Items
hobgod	Hobgoblin	rndtre07	Slots
hobgod	Hobgoblin	rndtre07	Items
hobwar01	Hobgoblin Warrior	rndtre07	Slots
hobwar01	Hobgoblin Warrior	rndtre07	Items
horsesal	Trader	rndtre07	Slots
horsesal	Trader	rndtre07	Items
icebeard	Thorin Icebeard	none	Slots
icgob03	Goblin	rndtre06	Slots
icgob03	Goblin	rndtre06	Items
icgob04	Goblin Captain	rndtre06	Slots
icgob04	Goblin Captain	rndtre06	Items
icliz01	Lizard Man	rndtre06	Slots
icliz01	Lizard Man	rndtre06	Items
icliz02	Gorkale	rndtre06	Slots
icliz02	Gorkale	rndtre06	Items
icliz03	Lizard Man	none	Slots
icliz03	Lizard Man	none	Items
icliz04	Lizard Man	rndtre06	Slots
icliz04	Lizard Man	rndtre06	Items
icliz05	Lizard Man	none	Slots
icliz05	Lizard Man	none	Items
icliz06	Lizard Man	rndtre06	Slots
icliz06	Lizard Man	rndtre06	Items
icliz07	Lizard Man	none	Slots
idemon01	Cambion	rndtre07	Slots
idemon01	Cambion	rndtre07	Items
imnbook1	Book Merchant	rndtre07	Slots
imnbook1	Book Merchant	rndtre07	Items
innwen	Tavern Wench	none	Slots
iwdgob2	Goblin Captain	none	Slots
j#falpal	Fallen Paladin	rndtre07	Slots
j#falpal	Fallen Paladin	rndtre07	Items
j#im8wif	Lillian	none	Slots
j#kasset	Kassetha	rndtre08	Slots
j#kasset	Kassetha	rndtre08	Items
j#morrid	Morridhan	rndtre08	Slots
j#morrid	Morridhan	rndtre08	Items
j#pura	Pura Parteth	rndtre08	Slots
j#pura	Pura Parteth	rndtre08	Items
j#rumil	Rumil	rndtre07	Slots
j#rumil	Rumil	rndtre07	Items
jade2	Thenry	rndtre08	Slots
jade2	Thenry	rndtre08	Items
jaga1	Bessen	rndtre08	Slots
jaga1	Bessen	rndtre08	Items
jahei2	Harper	rndtre08	Slots
jahei2	Harper	rndtre08	Items
jarev2	Harper	rndtre08	Slots
jarev2	Harper	rndtre08	Items
jenavi	Jenavieve	rndtre07	Slots
jenavi	Jenavieve	rndtre07	Items
jugcol01	Colette	none	Slots
jugdar01	Daar	rndtre06	Slots
jugdar01	Daar	rndtre06	Items
jzdad1	Aerie's Father	rndtre07	Slots
jzdad1	Aerie's Father	rndtre07	Items
jzhawker	Hawker	rndtre06	Slots
jzhawker	Hawker	rndtre06	Items
jzmaria	Lady Maria	rndtre06	Slots
jzmaria	Lady Maria	rndtre06	Items
jzrumar	Rumar	rndtre07	Slots
jzrumar	Rumar	rndtre07	Items
jzwilly	Sir William of Thorpe	rndtre06	Slots
jzwilly	Sir William of Thorpe	rndtre06	Items
k#orc	Orog	none	Slots
kaysmg01	Rindus	rndtre07	Slots
kaysmg01	Rindus	rndtre07	Items
kessen	Kessen	rndtre06	Slots
kessen	Kessen	rndtre06	Items
khellor	Khellor Ahmson	rndtre06	Slots
khellor	Khellor Ahmson	rndtre06	Items
kindast	Kindast	none	Slots
kobcap01	Kobold Captain	rndtre08	Slots
kobcap01	Kobold Captain	rndtre08	Items
kobscr01	Kobold Scribe	rndscr03	Slots
kobscr01	Kobold Scribe	rndscr03	Items
korpim	Pimlico	rndtre07	Slots
korpim	Pimlico	rndtre07	Items
kpbutl01	Metigo the Butler	rndtre06	Slots
kpbutl01	Metigo the Butler	rndtre06	Items
kpcapt01	Captain Arat	rndtre06	Slots
kpcapt01	Captain Arat	rndtre06	Items
kpcapt02	Captain Cernick	none	Slots
kpcapt03	Captain Cernick	rndtre07	Slots
kpcapt03	Captain Cernick	rndtre07	Items
kpdomo01	Major Domo	rndtre06	Slots
kpdomo01	Major Domo	rndtre06	Items
kpglai04	Gorvin	rndtre06	Slots
kpglai04	Gorvin	rndtre06	Items
kpgrd01	Lastin	rndtre06	Slots
kpgrd01	Lastin	rndtre06	Items
kplend01	Moneylender	rndtre06	Slots
kplend01	Moneylender	rndtre06	Items
kpsold01	Hendron	rndtre06	Slots
kpsold01	Hendron	rndtre06	Items
kpsold06	de'Arnise Guard	none	Slots
krdualwf	Fighter	rndtre07	Slots
krdualwf	Fighter	rndtre07	Items
krfight	Fighter	none	Slots
kuoarc20	Kuo-Toa Archer	none	Slots
kuocap01	Kuo-Toa Captain	rndtre08	Slots
kuocap01	Kuo-Toa Captain	rndtre08	Items
kuocle20	Kuo-Toa Captain	rndtre08	Slots
kuocle20	Kuo-Toa Captain	rndtre08	Items
kuolie01	Kuo-Toa Lieutenant	rndtre08	Slots
kuolie01	Kuo-Toa Lieutenant	rndtre08	Items
kuomag01	Kuo-Toa Wizard	none	Slots
kuomon01	Kuo-Toa Monitor	rndtre08	Slots
kuomon01	Kuo-Toa Monitor	rndtre08	Items
kuopri01	Kuo-Toa Priest	rndtre08	Slots
kuopri01	Kuo-Toa Priest	rndtre08	Items
kuorc	Orog	rndtre07	Slots
kuorc	Orog	rndtre07	Items
kuowar20	Kuo-Toa Warrior	rndtre08	Slots
kuowar20	Kuo-Toa Warrior	rndtre08	Items
kuowhi01	Kuo-Toa Whip	none	Slots
lacedo01	Lacedon	rndtre08	Slots
lacedo01	Lacedon	rndtre08	Items
landlord	Landlord	rndtre07	Slots
landlord	Landlord	rndtre07	Items
lando	Lando	rndtre07	Slots
lando	Lando	rndtre07	Items
laron1	Laron	rndtre07	Slots
laron1	Laron	rndtre07	Items
lavok01	Lavok	rndtre08	Slots
lavok01	Lavok	rndtre08	Items
leander	Leander	rndtre08	Slots
leander	Leander	rndtre08	Items
lester	Uncle Lester	none	Slots
lizdead	Lizard Man	none	Slots
lizdead	Lizard Man	none	Items
lizking	Lizardman King	rndtre06	Slots
lizking	Lizardman King	rndtre06	Items
lk#xwz1	Drow Wizard	rndtre08	Slots
lk#xwz1	Drow Wizard	rndtre08	Items
m#ygspm1	Ymmyrt's Guard	rndtre06	Slots
m#ygspm1	Ymmyrt's Guard	rndtre06	Items
m#ygspm2	Ymmyrt's Guard	rndtre06	Slots
m#ygspm2	Ymmyrt's Guard	rndtre06	Items
m#ygspm3	Ymmyrt's Guard	none	Slots
m#ygspm4	Ymmyrt's Guard	rndtre06	Slots
m#ygspm4	Ymmyrt's Guard	rndtre06	Items
m#ygspm5	Ymmyrt's Guard	rndtre06	Slots
m#ygspm5	Ymmyrt's Guard	rndtre06	Items
m#ygswm1	Ymmyrt's Guard	none	Slots
m#yguna1	Ymmyrt's Guard	rndtre06	Slots
m#yguna1	Ymmyrt's Guard	rndtre06	Items
madam	Madam Nin	rndtre08	Slots
madam	Madam Nin	rndtre08	Items
maenc01	Ogre Mage	rndtre08	Slots
maenc01	Ogre Mage	rndtre08	Items
maenc02	Ogre	rndtre08	Slots
maenc02	Ogre	rndtre08	Items
maenc03	Ogrillon	rndtre07	Slots
maenc03	Ogrillon	rndtre07	Items
mage18a	Cowled Wizard	rndtre08	Slots
mage18a	Cowled Wizard	rndtre08	Items
mage18z	Zallanora	none	Slots
marcus	Marcus	rndtre06	Slots
marcus	Marcus	rndtre06	Items
maria	Lady Maria	rndtre06	Slots
maria	Lady Maria	rndtre06	Items
matrim	Matrim	rndtre08	Slots
matrim	Matrim	rndtre08	Items
maydobr	Mayor Dobrine	rndtre07	Slots
maydobr	Mayor Dobrine	rndtre07	Items
mekimp01	Imp	rndtre06	Slots
mekimp01	Imp	rndtre06	Items
mekrat	Mekrath	rndtre08	Slots
mekrat	Mekrath	rndtre08	Items
merchant	Bel Dalemark	rndtre06	Slots
merchant	Bel Dalemark	rndtre06	Items
messen	Flydian	rndtre06	Slots
messen	Flydian	rndtre06	Items
mgass01	Sergeant Natula	none	Slots
mgass02	Tyrian	rndtre06	Slots
mgass02	Tyrian	rndtre06	Items
mgass03	Vilhelm	rndtre06	Slots
mgass03	Vilhelm	rndtre06	Items
mgcwe00	Cowled Enforcer	none	Slots
mgket01	Lord Ketlaar Argrim	rndtre06	Slots
mgket01	Lord Ketlaar Argrim	rndtre06	Items
mimic01	Killer Mimic	rndtre08	Slots
mimic01	Killer Mimic	rndtre08	Items
minodar1	Minion of Darkness	none	Slots
minodar2	Minion of Darkness	none	Slots
mirlanda	Mirlanda	rndtre08	Slots
mirlanda	Mirlanda	rndtre08	Items
mistcd01	Crimson Death	rndtre08	Slots
mistcd01	Crimson Death	rndtre08	Items
mistho01	Mist Horror	rndtre08	Slots
mistho01	Mist Horror	rndtre08	Items
mistpo01	Poison Mist	rndtre08	Slots
mistpo01	Poison Mist	rndtre08	Items
mistva01	Vampiric Mist	rndtre08	Slots
mistva01	Vampiric Mist	rndtre08	Items
mistwa01	Wandering Horror	rndtre08	Slots
mistwa01	Wandering Horror	rndtre08	Items
mourner2	Mourner	rndtre06	Slots
mourner2	Mourner	rndtre06	Items
mourner4	Maggie	rndtre07	Slots
mourner4	Maggie	rndtre07	Items
mourner7	Risa	rndtre06	Slots
mourner7	Risa	rndtre06	Items
msold01	Mercenary	rndtre06	Slots
msold01	Mercenary	rndtre06	Items
mtown6	Commoner	none	Slots
mugger1	Shady Character	rndtre07	Slots
mugger1	Shady Character	rndtre07	Items
mumgre01	Greater Mummy	none	Slots
mummy01	Mummy	rndtre08	Slots
mummy01	Mummy	rndtre08	Items
myband1	Trained Bandit	none	Slots
mymugg1	Trained Mugger	rndtre06	Slots
mymugg1	Trained Mugger	rndtre06	Items
mymugg2	Trained Mugger	rndtre06	Slots
mymugg2	Trained Mugger	rndtre06	Items
mythug	Trained Thug	rndtre06	Slots
mythug	Trained Thug	rndtre06	Items
nanny	Nanny	rndtre06	Slots
nanny	Nanny	rndtre06	Items
nevm1	Wight	rndtre08	Slots
nevm1	Wight	rndtre08	Items
nmonk	Nakanishi Acolyte	rndtre08	Slots
nmonk	Nakanishi Acolyte	rndtre08	Items
noble1	Nobleman	none	Slots
noble2	Nobleman	rndtre07	Slots
noble2	Nobleman	rndtre07	Items
noblem1	Nobleman	rndtre06	Slots
noblem1	Nobleman	rndtre06	Items
noblem2	Nobleman	rndtre07	Slots
noblem2	Nobleman	rndtre07	Items
noblem3	Lord Ophal	rndtre08	Slots
noblem3	Lord Ophal	rndtre08	Items
noblew1	Noblewoman	rndtre06	Slots
noblew1	Noblewoman	rndtre06	Items
noblew2	Noblewoman	rndtre08	Slots
noblew2	Noblewoman	rndtre08	Items
noblew3	Lady Ophal	rndtre08	Slots
noblew3	Lady Ophal	rndtre08	Items
nscom001	Barkeep	none	Slots
nsflower	Hana	rndtre01	Slots
nsflower	Hana	rndtre01	Items
nsmage01	Young Mage	rndtre08	Slots
nsmage01	Young Mage	rndtre08	Items
nsprey01	Lord Reginald	rndtre06	Slots
nsprey01	Lord Reginald	rndtre06	Items
nstief02	Tiefling	rndtre08	Slots
nstief02	Tiefling	rndtre08	Items
ntdemon	Doomsayer	rndtre08	Slots
ntdemon	Doomsayer	rndtre08	Items
nthells1	Fire Salamander	none	Slots
nthells2	Humbaba	none	Slots
nthellsa	Oogoor	rndtre08	Slots
nthellsa	Oogoor	rndtre08	Items
nthobgod	Hobgod	rndtre07	Slots
nthobgod	Hobgod	rndtre07	Items
o!gobl	Jerry	rndtre07	Slots
o!gobl	Jerry	rndtre07	Items
o#crchri	Chris	none	Slots
o#crlah	Lahar Feenick	rndtre06	Slots
o#crlah	Lahar Feenick	rndtre06	Items
o#crsoph	Lady Sofia	rndtre08	Slots
o#crsoph	Lady Sofia	rndtre08	Items
o#crstg1	Thug	rndtre06	Slots
o#crstg1	Thug	rndtre06	Items
o#crstg2	Thug	none	Slots
o#damir	Lord Damir	rndtre06	Slots
o#damir	Lord Damir	rndtre06	Items
o#khagg	Khaggoth	none	Slots
o#thadd	Lord Thaddeus Leoncourt	rndtre06	Slots
o#thadd	Lord Thaddeus Leoncourt	rndtre06	Items
oenmage1	Mage	rndtre06	Slots
oenmage1	Mage	rndtre06	Items
oenmage2	Battle Mage	rndtre06	Slots
oenmage2	Battle Mage	rndtre06	Items
oenmage3	Battle Mage	rndtre06	Slots
oenmage3	Battle Mage	rndtre06	Items
ogre01	Ogre	rndtre08	Slots
ogre01	Ogre	rndtre08	Items
ogregr_a	Ogrillon	rndtre07	Slots
ogregr_a	Ogrillon	rndtre07	Items
ogregr1	Ogrillon	none	Slots
ogregr2	Ogrillon	rndtre07	Slots
ogregr2	Ogrillon	rndtre07	Items
ogregr3	Ogrillon	rndtre07	Slots
ogregr3	Ogrillon	rndtre07	Items
ogregr4	Ogrillon	rndtre07	Slots
ogregr4	Ogrillon	rndtre07	Items
ogreha_a	Half Ogre	rndtre07	Slots
ogreha_a	Half Ogre	rndtre07	Items
ogreha_c	Half Ogre	rndtre07	Slots
ogreha_c	Half Ogre	rndtre07	Items
ogreha_d	Half Ogre	rndtre07	Slots
ogreha_d	Half Ogre	rndtre07	Items
ogreha_e	Half Ogre	rndtre07	Slots
ogreha_e	Half Ogre	rndtre07	Items
ogreha1	Half Ogre	rndtre07	Slots
ogreha1	Half Ogre	rndtre07	Items
ogreha2	Half Ogre	rndtre07	Slots
ogreha2	Half Ogre	rndtre07	Items
ogreha3	Half Ogre	rndtre07	Slots
ogreha3	Half Ogre	rndtre07	Items
ogreha4	Half Ogre	none	Slots
ogreha5	Half Ogre	rndtre07	Slots
ogreha5	Half Ogre	rndtre07	Items
ogrelesu	Ogrillon	rndtre08	Slots
ogrelesu	Ogrillon	rndtre08	Items
ogrema01	Ogre Mage	rndtre08	Slots
ogrema01	Ogre Mage	rndtre08	Items
ogresu	Ogre	rndtre08	Slots
ogresu	Ogre	rndtre08	Items
ogrhal01	Half Ogre	rndtre08	Slots
ogrhal01	Half Ogre	rndtre08	Items
ogrill01	Ogrillon	rndtre08	Slots
ogrill01	Ogrillon	rndtre08	Items
ogrmag01	Ogre Mage	rndtre08	Slots
ogrmag01	Ogre Mage	rndtre08	Items
olmwar40	Olmar's Warrior	none	Slots
olmwar41	Olmar's Warrior	none	Slots
olmwar42	Elite Warrior	rndtre01	Slots
olmwar42	Elite Warrior	rndtre01	Items
olmwar43	Elite Warrior	rndtre07	Slots
olmwar43	Elite Warrior	rndtre07	Items
olmwar44	Elite Captain	rndtre07	Slots
olmwar44	Elite Captain	rndtre07	Items
olmwar45	Olmar's Warrior	rndtre07	Slots
olmwar45	Olmar's Warrior	rndtre07	Items
olmwar46	Elite Warrior	rndtre07	Slots
olmwar46	Elite Warrior	rndtre07	Items
olmwar47	Elite Warrior	rndtre01	Slots
olmwar47	Elite Warrior	rndtre01	Items
olmwar51	Olmar's Warrior	none	Slots
olmwar52	Olmar's Warrior	rndtre07	Slots
olmwar52	Olmar's Warrior	rndtre07	Items
olmwar53	Olmar's Warrior	rndtre07	Slots
olmwar53	Olmar's Warrior	rndtre07	Items
olmwar54	Olmar's Warrior	rndtre07	Slots
olmwar54	Olmar's Warrior	rndtre07	Items
olmwar55	Olmar's Warrior	rndtre07	Slots
olmwar55	Olmar's Warrior	rndtre07	Items
olmwar56	Olmar's Warrior	rndtre07	Slots
olmwar56	Olmar's Warrior	rndtre07	Items
olmwar57	Olmar's Warrior	rndtre07	Slots
olmwar57	Olmar's Warrior	rndtre07	Items
olmwar58	Olmar's Warrior	rndtre07	Slots
olmwar58	Olmar's Warrior	rndtre07	Items
olmwar59	Olmar's Warrior	rndtre07	Slots
olmwar59	Olmar's Warrior	rndtre07	Items
olmwar60	Elite Warrior	rndtre01	Slots
olmwar60	Elite Warrior	rndtre01	Items
olmwar61	Elite Warrior	rndtre01	Slots
olmwar61	Elite Warrior	rndtre01	Items
olmwar62	Elite Warrior	rndtre01	Slots
olmwar62	Elite Warrior	rndtre01	Items
olmwar63	Elite Warrior	rndtre01	Slots
olmwar63	Elite Warrior	rndtre01	Items
olmwar64	Elite Warrior	rndtre01	Slots
olmwar64	Elite Warrior	rndtre01	Items
olmwar65	Elite Warrior	rndtre07	Slots
olmwar65	Elite Warrior	rndtre07	Items
olmwar66	Elite Warrior	rndtre07	Slots
olmwar66	Elite Warrior	rndtre07	Items
olmwar67	Elite Warrior	rndtre07	Slots
olmwar67	Elite Warrior	rndtre07	Items
olmwar68	Elite Warrior	rndtre07	Slots
olmwar68	Elite Warrior	rndtre07	Items
olmwar69	Elite Warrior	rndtre07	Slots
olmwar69	Elite Warrior	rndtre07	Items
orc01	Orc	rndtre08	Slots
orc01	Orc	rndtre08	Items
orc02	Orc Archer	rndtre08	Slots
orc02	Orc Archer	rndtre08	Items
orc03	Orc Priest	rndtre08	Slots
orc03	Orc Priest	rndtre08	Items
orc04	Orc Mage	none	Slots
orc05	Orog	rndtre07	Slots
orc05	Orog	rndtre07	Items
orc06	Orog	rndtre08	Slots
orc06	Orog	rndtre08	Items
orc07	Orog Leader	rndtre07	Slots
orc07	Orog Leader	rndtre07	Items
orc10	Orc	none	Slots
orcded	<Invalid Strref -1>	none	Slots
orcsum	Orc	rndtre07	Slots
orcsum	Orc	rndtre07	Items
oriana	Oriana	rndtre06	Slots
oriana	Oriana	rndtre06	Items
outorc1	Elite Orc Leader	rndtre06	Slots
outorc1	Elite Orc Leader	rndtre06	Items
outorc5	Elite Orc Archer	none	Slots
p#neiros	Neiros Gellantara	rndtre07	Slots
p#neiros	Neiros Gellantara	rndtre07	Items
parmonk	Mahar	none	Slots
parthf	Alnarow	rndtre06	Slots
parthf	Alnarow	rndtre06	Items
pashtrav	Pasha Khazun	rndtre06	Slots
pashtrav	Pasha Khazun	rndtre06	Items
pbhunt01	Aawill	none	Slots
pdwarf01	Dwarf Thrall	rndtre07	Slots
pdwarf01	Dwarf Thrall	rndtre07	Items
pgulga	Ulga	rndtre06	Slots
pgulga	Ulga	rndtre06	Items
pibble	Pibble	rndtre07	Slots
pibble	Pibble	rndtre07	Items
pibble2	Pibble	rndtre07	Slots
pibble2	Pibble	rndtre07	Items
pirbob01	Captn' Bob Holmes	rndtre06	Slots
pirbob01	Captn' Bob Holmes	rndtre06	Items
pircor02	Ginia	rndtre06	Slots
pircor02	Ginia	rndtre06	Items
pirdoc01	Dockhand	rndtre06	Slots
pirdoc01	Dockhand	rndtre06	Items
pirfsh01	Fisherman	rndtre06	Slots
pirfsh01	Fisherman	rndtre06	Items
pirfsh02	Fishwife	rndtre06	Slots
pirfsh02	Fishwife	rndtre06	Items
pirpir05	Chremy	none	Slots
pirpir12	Pirate Newf	rndtre06	Slots
pirpir12	Pirate Newf	rndtre06	Items
pkagal	Agal	rndtre08	Slots
pkagal	Agal	rndtre08	Items
pkagalb	Agal	none	Slots
pkfatty1	Branthor	none	Slots
pkfatty2	Dindil	rndtre07	Slots
pkfatty2	Dindil	rndtre07	Items
pkfatxy2	Dindil	rndtre07	Slots
pkfatxy2	Dindil	rndtre07	Items
pkgard1	Horkvar	rndtre08	Slots
pkgard1	Horkvar	rndtre08	Items
pkgard2	Guard	rndtre08	Slots
pkgard2	Guard	rndtre08	Items
pkhohom1	Kroldhir	rndtre08	Slots
pkhohom1	Kroldhir	rndtre08	Items
pkhohom2	Fjord	rndtre08	Slots
pkhohom2	Fjord	rndtre08	Items
pkhohom3	Bjodlaug	rndtre08	Slots
pkhohom3	Bjodlaug	rndtre08	Items
pkmarcus	Marcus	none	Slots
pkmess	Rane	rndtre08	Slots
pkmess	Rane	rndtre08	Items
pkmess2	Rane	rndtre08	Slots
pkmess2	Rane	rndtre08	Items
pkorfa	Orfa	rndtre08	Slots
pkorfa	Orfa	rndtre08	Items
pkstore1	Deneron	none	Slots
pkstore2	Carval	rndtre07	Slots
pkstore2	Carval	rndtre07	Items
plfarm05	Pardo	rndtre06	Slots
plfarm05	Pardo	rndtre06	Items
plfarm06	Moreno	rndtre06	Slots
plfarm06	Moreno	rndtre06	Items
plshhg01	Hobgoblin Slayer	rndtre07	Slots
plshhg01	Hobgoblin Slayer	rndtre07	Items
plshom01	Ogre Mage	rndtre08	Slots
plshom01	Ogre Mage	rndtre08	Items
plybass	Lesser Basilisk	rndtre08	Slots
plybass	Lesser Basilisk	rndtre08	Items
plyflind	Flind	rndtre08	Slots
plyflind	Flind	rndtre08	Items
plyogre	Ogre	rndtre08	Slots
plyogre	Ogre	rndtre08	Items
plysala	Fire Salamander	rndtre08	Slots
plysala	Fire Salamander	rndtre08	Items
postul2	Commoner	rndtre06	Slots
postul2	Commoner	rndtre06	Items
postul6	Nobleman	rndtre06	Slots
postul6	Nobleman	rndtre06	Items
potselca	Potion Seller	rndtre07	Slots
potselca	Potion Seller	rndtre07	Items
ppgirl2	Cayia	rndtre06	Slots
ppgirl2	Cayia	rndtre06	Items
pplackey	Pirate	rndtre06	Slots
pplackey	Pirate	rndtre06	Items
ppldr01	Pirate Leader	none	Slots
pptown4	Peasant	rndtre06	Slots
pptown4	Peasant	rndtre06	Items
prengoon	Prenash's Soldier	rndtre06	Items
psadv02	Adventurer	rndtre06	Slots
psadv02	Adventurer	rndtre06	Items
psdmad02	Pompous Adventurer's Sidekick	none	Slots
psdmad03	Pompous Adventurer's Sidekick	rndtre06	Slots
psdmad03	Pompous Adventurer's Sidekick	rndtre06	Items
pspain	Pain Elemental	rndtre08	Slots
pspain	Pain Elemental	rndtre08	Items
psqtpa1	Wraith	rndtre06	Slots
psqtpa1	Wraith	rndtre06	Items
psqtpa2	Wraith	none	Slots
psqtpa3	Wraith	rndtre06	Slots
psqtpa3	Wraith	rndtre06	Items
purang	Purang Berserker	rndtre08	Slots
purang	Purang Berserker	rndtre08	Items
qloot3	Chobenhair	rndtre08	Slots
qloot3	Chobenhair	rndtre08	Items
radeel	Radeel	rndtre06	Slots
radeel	Radeel	rndtre06	Items
ragefa	Ragefast	rndtre01	Slots
ragefa	Ragefast	rndtre01	Items
re_ilona	Ilona	none	Slots
redilav	Dilav	rndtre06	Slots
redilav	Dilav	rndtre06	Items
reedle	Reedle	rndtre07	Slots
reedle	Reedle	rndtre07	Items
reevor	Reevor	rndmag06	Slots
reevor	Reevor	rndmag06	Items
reevor2	Reevor	rndmag06	Slots
reevor2	Reevor	rndmag06	Items
remorhaz	Abishai	rndtre06	Slots
remorhaz	Abishai	rndtre06	Items
remorle	Abishai Leader	none	Slots
renfeld	Renfeld	rndtre06	Slots
renfeld	Renfeld	rndtre06	Items
renfield	Renfeld	rndtre06	Slots
renfield	Renfeld	rndtre06	Items
rengaa	Rengaard	rndtre08	Slots
rengaa	Rengaard	rndtre08	Items
rethie02	Slaver	rndtre06	Slots
rethie02	Slaver	rndtre06	Items
riatgate	Gatesman	rndtre07	Slots
riatgate	Gatesman	rndtre07	Items
rigen01	Lord Igen Tombelthen	none	Slots
rock	Rock	none	Slots
roend	Roend	none	Slots
rorca01	Orc Archer	rndtre07	Slots
rorca01	Orc Archer	rndtre07	Items
rorcl01	Orog Leader	rndtre07	Slots
rorcl01	Orog Leader	rndtre07	Items
rorcs01	Orog	rndtre07	Slots
rorcs01	Orog	rndtre07	Items
rskel02	Skeleton Warrior	rndtre08	Slots
rskel02	Skeleton Warrior	rndtre08	Items
rskel03	Skeleton	rndtre07	Slots
rskel03	Skeleton	rndtre07	Items
rumar	Rumar	rndtre07	Slots
rumar	Rumar	rndtre07	Items
sacorc01	Gorrek	none	Slots
sacorc02	Orc Archer	rndtre07	Slots
sacorc02	Orc Archer	rndtre07	Items
sacorc05	Orc	rndtre07	Slots
sacorc05	Orc	rndtre07	Items
sacorc06	Orc Archer	rndtre07	Slots
sacorc06	Orc Archer	rndtre07	Items
sacorc10	Orc	rndtre07	Slots
sacorc10	Orc	rndtre07	Items
sacorc9	Orc Archer	none	Slots
sahangu	Anguiliian	none	Slots
sahlace	Lacedon	rndtre08	Slots
sahlace	Lacedon	rndtre08	Items
sahzom01	Sea Zombie Lord	none	Slots
salvanas	Salvanas	rndtre07	Slots
salvanas	Salvanas	rndtre07	Items
samia	Samia	rndtre07	Slots
samia	Samia	rndtre07	Items
scdur	Unger Hilldark	none	Slots
scljyss	Lady Jysstev	rndtre06	Slots
scljyss	Lady Jysstev	rndtre06	Items
scqar	Qar Jysstev	rndtre06	Slots
scqar	Qar Jysstev	rndtre06	Items
scroll01	Lady Yuth	rndtre06	Slots
scroll01	Lady Yuth	rndtre06	Items
scsarles	Sir Sarles	none	Slots
senorc01	Derro Berserker	none	Slots
senorc02	Derro	rndtre07	Slots
senorc02	Derro	rndtre07	Items
senorc03	Derro Berserker	rndtre07	Slots
senorc03	Derro Berserker	rndtre07	Items
senorc04	Derro	none	Slots
sensmsp2	Orog	none	Slots
sevpat04	Smaeluv Orcslicer	rndtre08	Slots
sevpat04	Smaeluv Orcslicer	rndtre08	Items
sevpat05	Brennan Risling	rndtre08	Slots
sevpat05	Brennan Risling	rndtre08	Items
sewdue01	Duergar Sapper	rndtre08	Slots
sewdue01	Duergar Sapper	rndtre08	Items
sewdue02	Duergar Sapper	rndtre08	Slots
sewdue02	Duergar Sapper	rndtre08	Items
sewerm1	Quallo	none	Slots
sewrak01	Rakshasa	rndtre08	Slots
sewrak01	Rakshasa	rndtre08	Items
sewyag03	Elite Orog	rndtre08	Slots
sewyag03	Elite Orog	rndtre08	Items
shobsl01	Hobgoblin Slayer	rndtre07	Slots
shobsl01	Hobgoblin Slayer	rndtre07	Items
shop01	Mira	rndtre06	Slots
shop01	Mira	rndtre06	Items
shop02	Arnolinus	none	Slots
shop05	Perter	rndtre06	Slots
shop05	Perter	rndtre06	Items
shth01	Hanz	rndtre06	Slots
shth01	Hanz	rndtre06	Items
shth05	Joster	rndtre07	Slots
shth05	Joster	rndtre07	Items
shthass1	Ama	rndtre08	Slots
shthass1	Ama	rndtre08	Items
shthdr01	Brannel	rndtre06	Slots
shthdr01	Brannel	rndtre06	Items
shthstor	Rattell	none	Slots
sk#noble	Lord Crawford	none	Slots
skelar01	Skeleton Archer	none	Slots
skelar02	Skeleton Archer	rndtre08	Slots
skelar02	Skeleton Archer	rndtre08	Items
skelet01	Skeleton	rndtre08	Slots
skelet01	Skeleton	rndtre08	Items
skelwa02	Skeleton Warrior	rndtre08	Slots
skelwa02	Skeleton Warrior	rndtre08	Items
skelwa03	Skeleton Warrior	none	Slots
slandor	Andorian	rndtre06	Slots
slandor	Andorian	rndtre06	Items
slhalf01	Halfling Man	rndtre06	Slots
slhalf01	Halfling Man	rndtre06	Items
slshop02	Storekeep	rndtre07	Slots
slshop02	Storekeep	rndtre07	Items
slumm3	Peasant	none	Slots
slvic01	Tourist	rndtre06	Slots
slvic01	Tourist	rndtre06	Items
speselca	Spell Seller	rndtre07	Slots
speselca	Spell Seller	rndtre07	Items
spmugg	Mugger	rndtre06	Slots
spmugg	Mugger	rndtre06	Items
spmugg2	Ruffian Captain	rndtre06	Slots
spmugg2	Ruffian Captain	rndtre06	Items
spmugg3	Thug	rndtre06	Slots
spmugg3	Thug	rndtre06	Items
stage01	Peasant	rndtre06	Slots
stage01	Peasant	rndtre06	Items
strak	Strak	rndtre08	Slots
strak	Strak	rndtre08	Items
sumeat1	Rojo	none	Slots
sumeat2	Lowell	rndtre06	Slots
sumeat2	Lowell	rndtre06	Items
sumeat3	Friddel	rndtre06	Slots
sumeat3	Friddel	rndtre06	Items
surayah	Surayah	rndtre06	Slots
surayah	Surayah	rndtre06	Items
surly	Surly	rndtre07	Slots
surly	Surly	rndtre07	Items
suthess1	Flunky	rndtre06	Slots
suthess1	Flunky	rndtre06	Items
t#mdomo	Majordomo	none	Slots
talwar40	Talavan's Warrior	rndtre06	Slots
talwar40	Talavan's Warrior	rndtre06	Items
talwar41	Talavan's Warrior	rndtre07	Slots
talwar41	Talavan's Warrior	rndtre07	Items
talwar42	Elite Warrior	rndtre01	Slots
talwar42	Elite Warrior	rndtre01	Items
talwar43	Elite Warrior	rndtre07	Slots
talwar43	Elite Warrior	rndtre07	Items
talwar44	Commander Tylin	none	Slots
talwar45	Talavan's Warrior	rndtre07	Slots
talwar45	Talavan's Warrior	rndtre07	Items
talwar46	Elite Warrior	rndtre07	Slots
talwar46	Elite Warrior	rndtre07	Items
talwar47	Elite Warrior	rndtre07	Slots
talwar47	Elite Warrior	rndtre07	Items
talwar48	Elite Warrior	rndtre07	Slots
talwar48	Elite Warrior	rndtre07	Items
talwar49	Elite Warrior	none	Slots
talwar50	Elite Warrior	none	Slots
tannar2	Tanar'ri	none	Slots
tannar3	Tanar'ri	rndtre06	Slots
tannar3	Tanar'ri	rndtre06	Items
tarnor	Tarnor the Hatchetman	rndtre08	Slots
tarnor	Tarnor the Hatchetman	rndtre08	Items
tasloisu	Tasloi	rndtre06	Items
tavekee	Tavern Keeper	rndtre07	Slots
tavekee	Tavern Keeper	rndtre07	Items
taxcoll	Tax Collector	rndtre06	Slots
taxcoll	Tax Collector	rndtre06	Items
tazok	Tazok	rndtre07	Slots
tazok	Tazok	rndtre07	Items
tb#lotga	Orc Tenant	rndtre07	Slots
tb#lotga	Orc Tenant	rndtre07	Items
tb#lotgw	Ogre Tenant	rndtre07	Slots
tb#lotgw	Ogre Tenant	rndtre07	Items
tb#lotr	Maniar	rndtre06	Slots
tb#lotr	Maniar	rndtre06	Items
tb#lotr1	Lieutenant Beldor	rndtre07	Slots
tb#lotr1	Lieutenant Beldor	rndtre07	Items
tb#lotra	Orc Archer	none	Slots
tb#lotrg	General Argor	rndtre08	Slots
tb#lotrg	General Argor	rndtre08	Items
tb#lotro	Orc	none	Slots
tb#prsp	Mystra's witness	rndtre06	Slots
tb#prsp	Mystra's witness	rndtre06	Items
teltief1	Tiefling	rndtre07	Slots
teltief1	Tiefling	rndtre07	Items
teltief2	Tiefling	rndtre08	Slots
teltief2	Tiefling	rndtre08	Items
tenmage1	Mage	rndtre06	Slots
tenmage1	Mage	rndtre06	Items
tenmage2	Castle Mage	rndtre06	Slots
tenmage2	Castle Mage	rndtre06	Items
tenmage3	Castle Mage	rndtre06	Slots
tenmage3	Castle Mage	rndtre06	Items
terrece	Terrece	none	Slots
thief5	Gorvin	rndtre06	Slots
thief5	Gorvin	rndtre06	Items
thork1	Thorknar	none	Slots
thork2	Thorknar	rndtre08	Slots
thork2	Thorknar	rndtre08	Items
thork3	Thorknar	rndtre08	Slots
thork3	Thorknar	rndtre08	Items
thork4	Thorknar	rndtre08	Slots
thork4	Thorknar	rndtre08	Items
tobban03	Orc	none	Slots
torgal	TorGal	rndtre08	Slots
torgal	TorGal	rndtre08	Items
torgal2	TorGal	rndtre08	Slots
torgal2	TorGal	rndtre08	Items
torgal3	TorGal	none	Slots
townc01	Town Crier Neckeith	rndtre07	Slots
townc01	Town Crier Neckeith	rndtre07	Items
trcut02	Nobleman	none	Slots
tresham1	Tresham	rndtre07	Slots
tresham1	Tresham	rndtre07	Items
trevil01	Lord Khellon Menold	rndtre08	Slots
trevil01	Lord Khellon Menold	rndtre08	Items
trftow01	Trissa	rndtre06	Slots
trftow01	Trissa	rndtre06	Items
trhmer01	Guildmistress Busya	rndtre07	Slots
trhmer01	Guildmistress Busya	rndtre07	Items
trnobm02	Nobleman	rndtre06	Slots
trnobm02	Nobleman	rndtre06	Items
trolde01	Desert Troll	none	Slots
trolde02	Desert Troll	none	Slots
trolfr01	Troll	rndtre08	Slots
trolfr01	Troll	rndtre08	Items
trolfr02	Troll	rndtre08	Slots
trolfr02	Troll	rndtre08	Items
trolgi01	Giant Troll	rndtre08	Slots
trolgi01	Giant Troll	rndtre08	Items
trolgi02	Giant Troll	rndtre08	Slots
trolgi02	Giant Troll	rndtre08	Items
trolic01	Ice Troll	none	Slots
trolic02	Ice Troll	rndtre08	Slots
trolic02	Ice Troll	rndtre08	Items
trolic03	Blizzard Troll	rndtre08	Slots
trolic03	Blizzard Troll	rndtre08	Items
trolic04	Blizzard Troll	rndtre08	Slots
trolic04	Blizzard Troll	rndtre08	Items
troll01	Troll	none	Slots
troll02	Troll	rndtre08	Slots
troll02	Troll	rndtre08	Items
troll03	Troll	rndtre08	Slots
troll03	Troll	rndtre08	Items
trolsi01	Spirit Troll	rndtre08	Slots
trolsi01	Spirit Troll	rndtre08	Items
trolsi02	Spirit Troll	rndtre08	Slots
trolsi02	Spirit Troll	rndtre08	Items
trtavp01	Tavern Drunk	none	Slots
trtavp02	Lady Merana	rndtre06	Slots
trtavp02	Lady Merana	rndtre06	Items
trwen01	Ulma	rndtre06	Slots
trwen01	Ulma	rndtre06	Items
ts5bad	Cpt. Sterling	none	Slots
ts5door	Lt. Betta	rndtre08	Slots
ts5door	Lt. Betta	rndtre08	Items
ts5grd	Barracks Guard	rndtre07	Slots
ts5grd	Barracks Guard	rndtre07	Items
ts5grd1	Barracks Guard	none	Slots
ts5grd2	Barracks Guard	none	Slots
ts5thf1	Myriza	rndtre07	Slots
ts5thf1	Myriza	rndtre07	Items
ts5thf2	Keltar	none	Slots
ts5thf3	Genja	rndtre07	Slots
ts5thf3	Genja	rndtre07	Items
ts5thf4	Gelt Foldum	none	Slots
ts5thf5	Issa Kealn	rndtre07	Slots
ts5thf5	Issa Kealn	rndtre07	Items
ts5thf6	Hawrath	none	Slots
ts5wiz	Militia Wizard	rndtre08	Slots
ts5wiz	Militia Wizard	rndtre08	Items
tsama1	Ama	rndtre08	Slots
tsama1	Ama	rndtre08	Items
tsdrunk1	Bert	rndtre06	Slots
tsdrunk1	Bert	rndtre06	Items
tsdrunk2	Tom	rndtre06	Slots
tsdrunk2	Tom	rndtre06	Items
tsdrunk3	Bill Huggins	rndtre06	Slots
tsdrunk3	Bill Huggins	rndtre06	Items
tsgrd02	Cowled Enforcer	rndtre08	Slots
tsgrd02	Cowled Enforcer	rndtre08	Items
tsjflirt	Lady Arlluvia	rndtre07	Slots
tsjflirt	Lady Arlluvia	rndtre07	Items
tspick1	Nobleman	rndtre08	Slots
tspick1	Nobleman	rndtre08	Items
tspick2	Noblewoman	none	Slots
tspick3	Commoner	rndtre07	Slots
tspick3	Commoner	rndtre07	Items
tspick4	Commoner	rndtre07	Slots
tspick4	Commoner	rndtre07	Items
tspick5	Sailor	rndtre08	Slots
tspick5	Sailor	rndtre08	Items
tspick6	Sailor	none	Slots
tspick7	Peasant	rndtre06	Slots
tspick7	Peasant	rndtre06	Items
tspick8	Peasant	rndtre06	Slots
tspick8	Peasant	rndtre06	Items
tswench1	Jancie	rndtre06	Slots
tswench1	Jancie	rndtre06	Items
tupung	Pung	none	Slots
tupungcs	Pung	rndtre06	Slots
tupungcs	Pung	rndtre06	Items
u#conlan	Conlan	rndtre06	Slots
u#conlan	Conlan	rndtre06	Items
udcom01	Commoner	rndtre06	Slots
udcom01	Commoner	rndtre06	Items
uddoor05	Drow Wizard	none	Slots
uddrow05	Drow Cook	rndtre06	Slots
uddrow05	Drow Cook	rndtre06	Items
uddrow07	Merinid	none	Slots
uhfem01	Mistress Eina	none	Slots
uhfem02	Johanna	rndtre06	Slots
uhfem02	Johanna	rndtre06	Items
uhinn01	Vincenzo the Innkeep	none	Slots
uhinn02	Willet the Stableboy	rndtre06	Slots
uhinn02	Willet the Stableboy	rndtre06	Items
uhman02	Nelleck	rndtre06	Slots
uhman02	Nelleck	rndtre06	Items
uhmay01	Minister Lloyd	rndtre07	Slots
uhmay01	Minister Lloyd	rndtre07	Items
uhmer01	Elence Fielding	rndtre06	Slots
uhmer01	Elence Fielding	rndtre06	Items
uhmer02	Min Minling	none	Slots
uhmer03	Beherant Diir	rndtre08	Slots
uhmer03	Beherant Diir	rndtre08	Items
uhogre01	Madulf	none	Slots
uhogre02	Ogre	rndtre06	Slots
uhogre02	Ogre	rndtre06	Items
uhogre03	Minotaur	none	Slots
uhogre04	Gnoll	rndtre08	Slots
uhogre04	Gnoll	rndtre08	Items
uhogre05	Orc	rndtre08	Slots
uhogre05	Orc	rndtre08	Items
ulogre2	Enchanted Ogre Mage	rndtre08	Slots
ulogre2	Enchanted Ogre Mage	rndtre08	Items
ulorc3	Enchanted Orog	none	Slots
ulorc4	Enchanted Orc	none	Slots
ulorc5	Enchanted Orc Archer	rndtre07	Slots
ulorc5	Enchanted Orc Archer	rndtre07	Items
umbhul01	Umber Hulk	rndtre08	Slots
umbhul01	Umber Hulk	rndtre08	Items
umbhul02	Umber Hulk Elder	none	Slots
unsee	The Unseeing Eye	rndtre08	Slots
unsee	The Unseeing Eye	rndtre08	Items
va#fsala	Fire Salamander	rndtre08	Slots
va#fsala	Fire Salamander	rndtre08	Items
va#kergo	Captain Kergo	rndtre06	Slots
va#kergo	Captain Kergo	rndtre06	Items
va#orc	Orc Archer	rndtre07	Slots
va#orc	Orc Archer	rndtre07	Items
va#orog	Orog	rndtre07	Slots
va#orog	Orog	rndtre07	Items
vakthf01	Thug	rndtre06	Slots
vakthf01	Thug	rndtre06	Items
victown3	Nobleman	none	Slots
victown4	Noblewoman	rndtre06	Slots
victown4	Noblewoman	rndtre06	Items
walla	Wallace	rndtre06	Slots
walla	Wallace	rndtre06	Items
wardabi1	Silver Abishai	rndtre07	Slots
wardabi1	Silver Abishai	rndtre07	Items
wardabi2	Silver Abishai	rndtre07	Slots
wardabi2	Silver Abishai	rndtre07	Items
wardnob1	Greeter	rndtre07	Slots
wardnob1	Greeter	rndtre07	Items
waylane	Waylane	rndtre06	Slots
waylane	Waylane	rndtre06	Items
wblance	Lance	rndtre06	Slots
wblance	Lance	rndtre06	Items
wbmum	Willie's Mum	rndtre06	Slots
wbmum	Willie's Mum	rndtre06	Items
wcust02	Debutante Alicia	rndtre07	Slots
wcust02	Debutante Alicia	rndtre07	Items
wcust03	Largo	rndtre06	Slots
wcust03	Largo	rndtre06	Items
wcust05	Lady Lasalla	rndtre06	Slots
wcust05	Lady Lasalla	rndtre06	Items
weenog	Weenog	none	Slots
wench1	Tavern Wench	none	Slots
willia	Sir William of Thorpe	rndtre06	Slots
willia	Sir William of Thorpe	rndtre06	Items
winthr2	Winthrop	rndtre06	Slots
winthr2	Winthrop	rndtre06	Items
wmart1	Joluv	rndtre06	Slots
wmart1	Joluv	rndtre06	Items
wtthork5	Thorknar	rndtre08	Slots
wtthork5	Thorknar	rndtre08	Items
wtthork6	Thorknar	rndtre08	Slots
wtthork6	Thorknar	rndtre08	Items
wwench	Rebecca	rndtre06	Slots
wwench	Rebecca	rndtre06	Items
wyvern01	Wyvern	rndtre08	Slots
wyvern01	Wyvern	rndtre08	Items
wyvgre01	Greater Wyvern	none	Slots
x#chop	Chop The Lady Ogre	rndtre06	Slots
x#chop	Chop The Lady Ogre	rndtre06	Items
x#cru11	Cru The Lady Ogre	none	Slots
x#dgnle1	Gnoll	rndtre06	Slots
x#dgnle1	Gnoll	rndtre06	Items
x#dgnle2	Gnoll	none	Slots
x#dgnle2	Gnoll	none	Items
x#dgnle3	Gnoll	rndtre06	Slots
x#dgnle3	Gnoll	rndtre06	Items
x#dgnle4	Gnoll	rndtre06	Slots
x#dgnle4	Gnoll	rndtre06	Items
x#dgnlg1	Gnoll	rndtre06	Slots
x#dgnlg1	Gnoll	rndtre06	Items
x#dgnlg2	Gnoll	rndtre06	Slots
x#dgnlg2	Gnoll	rndtre06	Items
x#dgnlg3	Gnoll	rndtre06	Slots
x#dgnlg3	Gnoll	rndtre06	Items
x#dgnlg4	Gnoll	rndtre06	Slots
x#dgnlg4	Gnoll	rndtre06	Items
xangiber	Fighter	rndtre06	Slots
xangiber	Fighter	rndtre06	Items
xvart_d	Xvart Protector	rndtre06	Slots
xvart_d	Xvart Protector	rndtre06	Items
yaga03	Lieutenant Fighter	rndtre08	Slots
yaga03	Lieutenant Fighter	rndtre08	Items
yaga05	Lieutenant Thief	none	Slots
yscara01	Merchant	rndtre07	Slots
yscara01	Merchant	rndtre07	Items
yscara02	Merchant	rndtre06	Slots
yscara02	Merchant	rndtre06	Items
ysdivelf	Divalir's Guard	rndtre06	Items
ysfire01	Fire Giant	rndtre08	Slots
ysfire01	Fire Giant	rndtre08	Items
ysfire02	Fire Giant	rndtre07	Slots
ysfire02	Fire Giant	rndtre07	Items
ysg2	Fire Giant	rndtre08	Slots
ysg2	Fire Giant	rndtre08	Items
ysgp01	Toop the Brave	rndtre08	Slots
ysgp01	Toop the Brave	rndtre08	Items
yssold01	Yaga-Shura Soldier	rndtre06	Slots
yssold01	Yaga-Shura Soldier	rndtre06	Items
yssold04	Yaga-Shura Elite	none	Slots
yssold10	Fire Giant	rndtre08	Slots
yssold10	Fire Giant	rndtre08	Items
yssold13	Yaga-Shura Soldier	rndtre06	Slots
yssold13	Yaga-Shura Soldier	rndtre06	Items
yugalu01	Alu-Fiend	none	Slots
z#arch2	Shadow Thief	rndtre06	Slots
z#arch2	Shadow Thief	rndtre06	Items
z#archbv	Shadow Thief	rndtre06	Slots
z#archbv	Shadow Thief	rndtre06	Items
z#cw18	Cowled Wizard	none	Slots
z#mage2	Shadow Thief Mage	rndtre08	Slots
z#mage2	Shadow Thief Mage	rndtre08	Items
z#nob1	Nobleman	none	Slots
z#nob2	Noblewoman	rndtre08	Slots
z#nob2	Noblewoman	rndtre08	Items
z#nob3	Nobleman	rndtre07	Slots
z#nob3	Nobleman	rndtre07	Items
zyors1aa	Orc Raider	rndtre06	Slots
zyors1aa	Orc Raider	rndtre06	Items
zyors1ab	Orc Raider	none	Slots
zyors1ac	Orc Raider	rndtre06	Slots
zyors1ac	Orc Raider	rndtre06	Items
zyors1ad	Orc Raider	rndtre06	Slots
zyors1ad	Orc Raider	rndtre06	Items
zyors1ae	Orc Raider	rndtre06	Slots
zyors1ae	Orc Raider	rndtre06	Items
zyors1af	Orc Raider	rndtre06	Slots
zyors1af	Orc Raider	rndtre06	Items
zyors1ag	Orc Raider	rndtre06	Slots
zyors1ag	Orc Raider	rndtre06	Items
zyors1ah	Orc Raider	none	Slots
zyors1ai	Orc Raider	rndtre06	Slots
zyors1ai	Orc Raider	rndtre06	Items
zyors1aj	Orc Raider	rndtre06	Slots
zyors1aj	Orc Raider	rndtre06	Items
zyors1ak	Orc Raider	none	Slots
zyors1al	Orc Raider	none	Slots
zyors1am	Orc Raider	rndtre06	Slots
zyors1am	Orc Raider	rndtre06	Items
zyors2aa	Orc Chieftain	none	Slots
zyors2ab	Orc Chieftain	rndtre06	Slots
zyors2ab	Orc Chieftain	rndtre06	Items
zyors2ac	Orc Chieftain	rndtre06	Slots
zyors2ac	Orc Chieftain	rndtre06	Items
zyors2ad	Orc Chieftain	rndtre06	Slots
zyors2ad	Orc Chieftain	rndtre06	Items
zyors2ae	Orc Chieftain	rndtre06	Slots
zyors2ae	Orc Chieftain	rndtre06	Items
zyors2af	Orc Chieftain	rndtre06	Slots
zyors2af	Orc Chieftain	rndtre06	Items
zyors2ag	Orc Chieftain	rndtre06	Slots
zyors2ag	Orc Chieftain	rndtre06	Items
zyors2ah	Orc Chieftain	rndtre06	Slots
zyors2ah	Orc Chieftain	rndtre06	Items
zyors2ai	Orc Chieftain	rndtre06	Slots
zyors2ai	Orc Chieftain	rndtre06	Items
zyors2aj	Orc Chieftain	rndtre06	Slots
zyors2aj	Orc Chieftain	rndtre06	Items
zyors2ak	Orc Chieftain	rndtre06	Slots
zyors2ak	Orc Chieftain	rndtre06	Items
zyors2al	Orc Chieftain	none	Slots
zyors2am	Orc Chieftain	none	Slots
zyors3aa	Orc Champion	rndtre06	Slots
zyors3aa	Orc Champion	rndtre06	Items
zyors3ab	Orc Champion	rndtre06	Slots
zyors3ab	Orc Champion	rndtre06	Items
zyors3ac	Orc Champion	rndtre06	Slots
zyors3ac	Orc Champion	rndtre06	Items
zyors3ad	Orc Champion	rndtre06	Slots
zyors3ad	Orc Champion	rndtre06	Items
zyors3ae	Orc Champion	none	Slots
zyors3af	Orc Champion	rndtre06	Slots
zyors3af	Orc Champion	rndtre06	Items
zyors3ag	Orc Champion	rndtre06	Slots
zyors3ag	Orc Champion	rndtre06	Items
zyors3ah	Orc Champion	none	Slots
zyors3ai	Orc Champion	rndtre06	Slots
zyors3ai	Orc Champion	rndtre06	Items
zyors3aj	Orc Champion	rndtre06	Slots
zyors3aj	Orc Champion	rndtre06	Items
zyors3ak	Orc Champion	rndtre06	Slots
zyors3ak	Orc Champion	rndtre06	Items
zyors3al	Orc Champion	rndtre06	Slots
zyors3al	Orc Champion	rndtre06	Items
zyors3am	Orc Champion	rndtre06	Slots
zyors3am	Orc Champion	rndtre06	Items
zyors4aa	Orc Warlord	rndtre06	Slots
zyors4aa	Orc Warlord	rndtre06	Items
zyors4ab	Orc Warlord	rndtre06	Slots
zyors4ab	Orc Warlord	rndtre06	Items
zyors4ac	Orc Warlord	rndtre06	Slots
zyors4ac	Orc Warlord	rndtre06	Items
zyors4ad	Orc Warlord	none	Slots
zyors4ae	Orc Warlord	rndtre06	Slots
zyors4ae	Orc Warlord	rndtre06	Items
zyors4af	Orc Warlord	rndtre06	Slots
zyors4af	Orc Warlord	rndtre06	Items
zyors4ag	Orc Warlord	rndtre06	Slots
zyors4ag	Orc Warlord	rndtre06	Items
zyors4ah	Orc Warlord	rndtre06	Slots
zyors4ah	Orc Warlord	rndtre06	Items
zyors4ai	Orc Warlord	none	Slots
zyors4aj	Orc Warlord	none	Slots
zyors4ak	Orc Warlord	rndtre06	Slots
zyors4ak	Orc Warlord	rndtre06	Items
zyors4al	Orc Warlord	none	Slots
zyors4am	Orc Warlord	none	Slots
zyorsmaa	Orcish Warrior	rndtre06	Slots
zyorsmaa	Orcish Warrior	rndtre06	Items
zyorsmab	Orcish Warrior	none	Slots
zyorsmac	Orcish Warrior	rndtre06	Slots
zyorsmac	Orcish Warrior	rndtre06	Items
zyorsmad	Orcish Warrior	rndtre06	Slots
zyorsmad	Orcish Warrior	rndtre06	Items
zyorsmae	Orcish Warrior	rndtre06	Slots
zyorsmae	Orcish Warrior	rndtre06	Items
zyorsmaf	Orcish Warrior	rndtre06	Slots
zyorsmaf	Orcish Warrior	rndtre06	Items
zyorsmag	Orcish Warrior	rndtre06	Slots
zyorsmag	Orcish Warrior	rndtre06	Items
zyorsmah	Orcish Warrior	none	Slots
zyorsmai	Orcish Warrior	rndtre06	Slots
zyorsmai	Orcish Warrior	rndtre06	Items
zyorsmaj	Orcish Warrior	rndtre06	Slots
zyorsmaj	Orcish Warrior	rndtre06	Items
zyorsmak	Orcish Warrior	rndtre06	Slots
zyorsmak	Orcish Warrior	rndtre06	Items
zyorsmal	Orcish Warrior	rndtre06	Slots
zyorsmal	Orcish Warrior	rndtre06	Items
zyorsmam	Orcish Warrior	rndtre06	Slots
zyorsmam	Orcish Warrior	rndtre06	Items
